Long-term result of hair transplantation for therapy resistant alopecia areata of eyebrows.
Alopecia Areata: a Comprehensive Review of Pathogenesis and Management.
Establishing and Prioritising Research Questions for the Prevention, Diagnosis and Treatment of Hair Loss (excluding Alopecia Areata): The Hair Loss Priority Setting Partnership.
Comparison of the topical FK506 and clobetasol propionate as first-line therapy in the treatment of early alopecia areata.
Association among Thyroid Dysfunction, Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis and Eczema in Children with Alopecia Areata.
25-hydroxyvitamin D status in patients with alopecia areata.
Three-microneedle device as an effective option for intralesional corticosteroid administration for the treatment of alopecia areata.
The Changing Landscape of Alopecia Areata: The Therapeutic Paradigm.
The Changing Landscape of Alopecia Areata: The Translational Landscape.
The Changing Landscape of Alopecia Areata: An Introduction.
The Good and Bad News About New Drugs for Treating Alopecia Areata.
Association between Helicobacter Pylori Infection and Alopecia Areata: A Study in Iranian Population.
A Case of Topical Ruxolitinib Treatment Failure in Alopecia Areata.
Management of alopecia areata: Updates and algorithmic approach.
Methotrexate for the treatment of pediatric alopecia areata.
Systematic review and quality analysis of studies on the efficacy of topical diphenylcyclopropenone treatment for alopecia areata.
Topical Janus kinase inhibitors for the treatment of pediatric alopecia areata.
Exacerbation of alopecia areata: A possible complication of sodium tetradecyl sulphate foam sclerotherapy treatment for varicose veins.
Higher concentrations of dithranol appear to induce hair growth even in severe alopecia areata.
Th1/Th2 PB balance and CD200 expression of patients with active severe alopecia areata.
Immune checkpoint inhibitor-associated alopecia areata.
Low-Dose Systemic Methotrexate Therapy for Recalcitrant Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia Areata of the Beard: A Review of the Literature.
Alopecia Areata: An Update on Treatment Options for Children.
Mechanisms of tolerance and potential therapeutic interventions in Alopecia Areata.
[ALOPECIA AREATA].
Efficacy of topical latanoprost versus minoxidil and betamethasone valerate on the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata - hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is a myth?
Dermoscopy of alopecia areata-a retrospective analysis.
Importance of Group Therapeutic Support for Family Members of Children with Alopecia Areata: A Cross-Sectional Survey Study.
The Role of Micronutrients in Alopecia Areata: A Review.
Research questions for the treatment of alopecia areata have been prioritized.
Vitamin D Deficiency in Alopecia Areata.
Best dilution of the best corticosteroid for intralesional injection in the treatment of localized alopecia areata in adults.
Temperament-Character Profile and Psychopathologies in Patients with Alopecia Areata.
Serum vitamin D level is related to disease severity in pediatric alopecia areata.
Methotrexate in Alopecia Areata: A Report of Three Cases.
Laser Hair Removal in Alopecia Areata of the Scalp: A Novel Therapeutic Approach.
High-dose pulsed corticosteroid therapy combined with methotrexate for severe alopecia areata of childhood.
SOCS3 treatment prevents the development of alopecia areata by inhibiting CD8+ T cell-mediated autoimmune destruction.
Cover Image: Are melanocyte-associated peptides the elusive autoantigens in alopecia areata?
Minoxidil-Induced Hypertrichosis in a Child with Alopecia Areata.
The ignored roles of microRNAs in alopecia areata.
The Contributory Roles of Th17 Lymphocyte and Cytotoxic T Lymphocyte at the Hair Bulge Region as Well as the Hair Bulb Area in the Chronic Alopecia Areata Patients.
Treatment of Alopecia Areata With Tofacitinib.
Parent-of-origin Effect in Alopecia Areata: A Large-scale Pedigree Study.
Can mindfulness-based interventions improve the quality of life of patients with moderate/severe alopecia areata? A prospective pilot study.
Comorbidities in patients with alopecia areata.
Two cases of alopecia areata treated with ruxolitinib: a discussion of ideal dosing and laboratory monitoring.
Lupus erythematosus tumidus of the scalp masquerading as alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Identification of differentially expressed miRNAs in alopecia areata that target immune-regulatory pathways.
&quot;X&quot; Marks the Spot: An Injection Technique for Alopecia Areata.
Psoriasis and alopecia areata in a Down syndrome patient: a Renbök phenomenon.
Escalating dosimetry of UVA-1 in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Trichotillomania: a case report with clinical and dermatoscopic differential diagnosis with alopecia areata.
Quality of life assessment in patients with alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia in the People's Republic of China.
Acquired hair curling after diphenylcyclopropenone immunotherapy in alopecia areata patient.
Changes of serum trace elements level in patients with alopecia areata: A meta-analysis.
Sequential high- and low-dose systemic corticosteroid therapy for severe childhood alopecia areata.
Kombinierte Hoch-/Niedrig-Dosis-Therapie mit systemischen Glukokor-tikoiden bei schweren Verlaufsformen der Alopecia areata im Kindesalter.
Efficacy and safety of topical calcipotriol in management of alopecia areata: A pilot study.
Incident alopecia areata and vitiligo in adult women with atopic dermatitis: Nurses' Health Study 2.
Remarkable Improvement of Nail Changes in Alopecia Areata Universalis with 10 Months of Treatment with Tofacitinib: A Case Report.
Late-onset alopecia areata: descriptive analysis of 30 cases.
Trichoscopic clues for diagnosis of alopecia areata and trichotillomania in Asians.
Bilateral Half-Head Comparison of 1% Anthralin Ointment in Children with Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata incognita in Cronkhite-Canada syndrome.
Alopecia areata as a paraneoplastic syndrome of gastric cancer.
Increased blood levels of NKG2D(+)CD4(+) T cells in patients with alopecia areata.
Immune-related alopecia (areata and universalis) in cancer patients receiving immune checkpoint inhibitors.
Evaluation of Clinical Significance of Dermoscopy in Alopecia Areata.
Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells prevent alopecia areata development through the inhibition of NKG2D expression: A pilot study.
Alopecia Areata in an Adolescent With Inflammatory Bowel Disease.
Patient Perspectives: What is alopecia areata?
What Is New in the Management of Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia Areata-Part III: Prognosis and Treatment.
Differential expression of CXCL9, CXCL10, and IFN-γ in vitiligo and alopecia areata patients.
Increased cutaneous stimulation is required for C-fiber sensory perception in alopecia areata: A double-blind study.
Revisiting Coudability Hairs in Alopecia Areata: The Story behind the Name.
Alopecia Areata as a Manifestation of Systemic Lymphoma: Report of Two Cases.
The Most Frequent Herbs Proposed by Iranian Traditional Medicine for Alopecia Areata.
The Frequency Distribution of Celiac Autoantibodies in Alopecia Areata.
Tofacitinib for the treatment of severe alopecia areata and variants: A study of 90 patients.
Tofacitinib for the treatment of alopecia areata and variants in adolescents.
Common phenotype and different non-HLA genes in Graves' disease and alopecia areata.
Evaluation of macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) levels in serum and lesional skin of patients with alopecia areata.
A review on laser and light-based therapies for alopecia areata.
Platelets rich plasma versus minoxidil 5% in treatment of alopecia areata: A trichoscopic evaluation.
Alopecia areata: What's new in epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis, and therapeutic options?
Complex Interaction Between Diphenylcyclopropenone and Immune Responses in Alopecia Areata.
Treating Alopecia Areata: Current Practices Versus New Directions.
A Comparative Study of Oral Cyclosporine and Betamethasone Minipulse Therapy in the Treatment of Alopecia Areata.
Serum Vitamin D in patients with alopecia areata.
Efficacy and safety of superficial cryotherapy for alopecia areata: A retrospective, comprehensive review of 353 cases over 22 years.
Oral ruxolitinib induces hair regrowth in patients with moderate-to-severe alopecia areata.
Safety and efficacy of the JAK inhibitor tofacitinib citrate in patients with alopecia areata.
Establishing and prioritizing research questions for the treatment of alopecia areata: the Alopecia Areata Priority Setting Partnership.
The genetic basis of pigmentation in alopecia areata.
Estimated serum vitamin D status, vitamin D intake, and risk of incident alopecia areata among US women.
Trichoscopy as a useful method to differentiate tinea capitis from alopecia areata in children at Zagazig University Hospitals.
Alopecia areata, thyroiditis and vitiligo vulgaris in a Japanese patient with smoldering type adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma.
Phototherapy for alopecia areata.
Measuring the impact of alopecia areata.
Another guardian against alopecia areata?
Linear Alopecia Areata.
A Comparison of Vertical and Transverse Sections in the Histological Diagnosis of Alopecia Areata Scalp Biopsy Specimens.
Alopecia areata totalis and universalis: a multicenter review of 132 patients in Spain.
Alopecia Areata Sisaipho: Clinical and Therapeutic Approach in 13 Patients in Spain.
Trichoscopy of Noncicatricial Pressure-induced Alopecia Resembling Alopecia Areata.
Serial trichoscopy vs. modified hair pull test for monitoring the disease activity and treatment response of localized alopecia areata.
Stem cell therapy as a novel therapeutic intervention for resistant cases of alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia.
CD8+ mycosis fungoides clinically masquerading as alopecia areata.
Successful hair regrowth in an acute diffuse form of alopecia areata during oral tacrolimus treatment in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Halo naevi, vitiligo and diffuse alopecia areata associated with tocilizumab therapy.
The Most Frequent Herbs Proposed by Iranian Traditional Medicine for Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata in patients with inflammatory bowel disease: an overview.
Alopecia areata after denosumab treatment for osteoporosis.
Beard alopecia areata: a multicentre review of 55 patients.
Comparative Study of Efficacy and Safety of Topical Squaric Acid Dibutylester and Diphenylcyclopropenone for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata with Dr. Michaels® (Alopinex) product family.
Current and future treatments of alopecia areata and trichotillomania in children.
Intramuscular triamcinolone acetonide: An undervalued option for refractory alopecia areata.
Investigation on the role of necroptosis in alopecia areata: A preliminary study.
Lack of association between alopecia areata and HLA class I and II in a southeastern Brazilian population.
Health-related quality of life (HRQoL) among patients with alopecia areata (AA): A systematic review.
Clinical characteristics and HLA alleles of a family with simultaneously occurring alopecia areata.
CXCR3 Blockade Inhibits T Cell Migration into the Skin and Prevents Development of Alopecia Areata.
Oxidative Stress Biomarkers and Adenosine Deaminase over the Alopecic Area of the Patients with Alopecia Areata.
Successful Treatment of Pediatric Alopecia Areata of the Scalp Using Topical Bimatoprost.
High frequency of cutaneous manifestations including vitiligo and alopecia areata in a prospective cohort of patients with chronic graft-vs-host disease.
Successful Treatment of Refractory Alopecia Areata Universalis and Psoriatic Arthritis, But Not of Plaque Psoriasis with Tofacitinib in a Young Woman.
Molecular signatures define alopecia areata subtypes and transcriptional biomarkers.
Genomewide analysis of copy number variants in alopecia areata in a Central European cohort reveals association with MCHR2.
Illness perception in patients with androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata in China.
Severe subtype of alopecia areata is highly associated with thyroid autoimmunity.
Psychiatric morbidity and quality of life in skin diseases: A comparison of alopecia areata and psoriasis.
Childhood epidermolysis bullosa acquisita during squaric acid dibutyl ester immunotherapy for alopecia areata.
Transient Efficacy of Tofacitinib in Alopecia Areata Universalis.
Understanding autoimmunity of vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Cardiovascular risk in patients with alopecia areata (AA): A propensity-matched retrospective analysis.
A novel therapeutic paradigm for patients with extensive alopecia areata.
Similarities of dermoscopic findings in alopecia areata between human and C3H/HeJ mouse.
Assessment of vitamin D receptors in alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia.
ULBP3: a marker for alopecia areata incognita.
Concurrence of Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura and Alopecia Areata: A Rare Association.
Two Episodes of Simultaneous Identical Alopecia Areata in Identical Twins.
Concentric Polycyclic Regrowth Pattern in Alopecia Areata.
Report of a Rare Case of Alopecia Areata Coexisting with Trichotillomania.
Liquid Nitrogen Cryotherapy in Recalcitrant Alopecia Areata: A Study of 11 Patients.
Treatment of an alopecia areata patient with tofacitinib results in regrowth of hair and changes in serum and skin biomarkers.
Altered expression of intracellular Toll-like receptors in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with alopecia areata.
Multiple courses of pulse corticosteroid therapy for alopecia areata.
Identification of Autoantigen Epitopes in Alopecia Areata.
Possible advantage of imiquimod and diphenylcyclopropenone combined treatment versus diphenylcyclopropenone alone: An observational study of nonresponder patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata (AA) and treatment with simvastatin/ezetimibe: Experience of 20 patients.
Reply: Alopecia areata treatment with simvastatin/ezetimibe.
Treatment of recalcitrant adult alopecia areata universalis with oral azathioprine.
Comment on: &quot;Oxidative Stress in Alopecia Areata: A Case-Control Study&quot;.
Author's Reply to Embi: &quot;Oxidative Stress in Alopecia Areata: A Case-Control Study&quot;.
Alopecia Areata After Vaccination: Recurrence with Rechallenge.
Ocular findings in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and narcolepsy: a tale of obscure autoimmunity.
Vasoactive intestinal peptide, whose receptor-mediated signalling may be defective in alopecia areata, provides protection from hair follicle immune privilege collapse.
Alopecia Areata and Vitiligo as a Long-term Sequelae of Drug Reaction with Eosinophilia and Systemic Symptoms Syndrome.
Hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in treatment of alopecia totalis and extensive alopecia areata: A case series of 8 patients.
Successful treatment of corticosteroid-resistant ophiasis-type alopecia areata (AA) with platelet-rich plasma (PRP).
Laser Capture Microdissection Reveals Transcriptional Abnormalities in Alopecia Areata before, during, and after Active Hair Loss.
Alopecia Areata Monolocularis in Clozapine-induced Hypereosinophilia.
Corrigendum: Association between TAP1 gene polymorphisms and alopecia areata in a Korean population - Genet. Mol. Res. 14 (4): 18820-18827.
Blockage of T Cell Activation via Anti-CD40 and Anti-CD154 Monoclonal Antibodies can Possibility Treat Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata: Animal models illuminate autoimmune pathogenesis and novel immunotherapeutic strategies.
The Effect of Neodymium: Yttrium Aluminum Garnet and Fractional Carbon Dioxide Lasers on Alopecia Areata: A Prospective Controlled Clinical Trial.
Dermal lymphatic dilation in a mouse model of alopecia areata.
Reduced incidence of skin cancer in patients with alopecia areata: A retrospective cohort study.
Janus Kinase Inhibitors against Other Biological Treatments in Alopecia Areata.
Modified immunotherapy for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and health-related quality of life: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Comparative Evaluation of Intralesional Triamcinolone Acetonide Injection, Narrow Band Ultraviolet B, and their Combination in Alopecia Areata.
Relationship between manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSODAla-9Val) and glutathione peroxidase (GPx1 Pro 197 Leu) gene polymorphisms and alopecia areata.
Distinguishing diffuse alopecia areata (AA) from pattern hair loss (PHL) using CD3(+) T cells.
Delayed hypersensitivity reaction to intralesional triamcinolone acetonide following treatment for alopecia areata. Intradermal testing.
[Alopecia areata secondary to the use of leflunomide in patients with rheumatoid arthritis: a case report and literature review].
B cell activating factor and T-helper 17 cells: possible synergistic culprits in the pathogenesis of Alopecia Areata.
Association between TAP1 gene polymorphisms and alopecia areata in a Korean population.
A systematic review of pulse steroid therapy for alopecia areata.
Lichenoid keratosis as a cause of localised alopecia areata.
Functional Interpretation of Genome-Wide Association Study Evidence in Alopecia Areata.
Comparative study of intralesional steroid injection and cryotherapy in alopecia areata.
Alopecia Areata Progression Index, a Scoring System for Evaluating Overall Hair Loss Activity in Alopecia Areata Patients with Pigmented Hair: A Development and Reliability Assessment.
Efficacy and Safety of Methotrexate Combined with Low- to Moderate-Dose Corticosteroids for Severe Alopecia Areata.
Severity of Depression and Anxiety in Patients with Alopecia Areata in Bandar Abbas, Iran.
Comparison of High-Dose Corticosteroid Pulse Therapy and Combination Therapy Using Oral Cyclosporine with Low-Dose Corticosteroid in Severe Alopecia Areata.
Concentric or Targetoid Regrowth in Alopecia Areata.
Intralesional Triamcinolone Acetonide Versus Topical Betamethasone Valearate in the Management of Localized Alopecia Areata.
Psychological and psychopathological factors in alopecia areata.
Rapid skin repigmentation on oral ruxolitinib in a patient with coexistent vitiligo and alopecia areata (AA).
Biomarkers of alopecia areata disease activity and response to corticosteroid treatment.
Quality of life in patients with alopecia areata: a hospital-based cross-sectional study.
Association between PTPN22 C1858T polymorphism and alopecia areata risk.
Adalimumab-induced psoriatic alopecia/alopecia areata-like reaction in a patient with Crohn's disease.
Retrospective review of diphencyprone in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Extensive alopecia areata is reversed by IL-12/IL-23p40 cytokine antagonism.
Case of alopecia similar to alopecia areata multilocularis accompanied with neurofibromatosis type 1.
Industry Perspective on Alopecia Areata.
Development of Uniform Protocol for Alopecia Areata Clinical Trials.
Prevalence of Comorbid Conditions and Sun-Induced Skin Cancers in Patients with Alopecia Areata.
Eosinophilic Esophagitis: Another Atopy-Related Alopecia Areata Trigger?
Alopecia Areata Registry Accomplishments.
Clinical Efficacy of Diphenylcyclopropenone in Alopecia Areata: Retrospective Data Analysis of 50 Patients.
ILK Index and Regrowth in Alopecia Areata.
Current Treatments for Alopecia Areata.
The Use of the Immune Epitope Database to Study Autoimmune Epitope Data Related to Alopecia Areata.
Animal Models for Alopecia Areata: What and Where?
Mechanisms of LtxA (Leukotoxin), a Potent New Anti-Inflammatory Agent for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata.
Diphencyprone Treatment of Alopecia Areata: Postulated Mechanism of Action and Prospects for Therapeutic Synergy with RNA Interference.
Therapy for Alopecia Areata in Mice by Stimulating the Hair Cycle with Parathyroid Hormone Agonists Linked to a Collagen-Binding Domain.
Toward the Clonotype Analysis of Alopecia Areata-Specific, Intralesional Human CD8+ T Lymphocytes.
From Targets to Treatments: Bridging Autoimmune Research to Advance Understanding of Alopecia Areata.
Study of Th1/Th2 balance in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with alopecia areata.
The role of lymphocytes in the development and treatment of alopecia areata.
Diphenylcyclopropenone in patients with alopecia areata. A critically appraised topic.
Acupuncture for treating alopecia areata: a protocol of systematic review of randomised clinical trials.
Follow-up study on the relationship between alopecia areata and risk of autoimmune diseases.
Serum level of interleukin-17A in patients with alopecia areata and its relationship to age.
First two cases of alopecia areata during golimumab therapy.
Annular alopecia areata: a morphologically rare variant.
Dissecting susceptibility from exogenous triggers: the model of alopecia areata and associated inflammatory skin diseases.
Ultraviolet A-1 phototherapy as an alternative for resistant alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: Part 2: treatment.
Alopecia areata: Part 1: pathogenesis, diagnosis, and prognosis.
Alopecia areata.
Serum cytokine and chemokine profiles in patients with alopecia areata.
Oxidative stress and alopecia areata.
The Frequency of Autoimmune Thyroid Disease in Alopecia Areata and Vitiligo Patients.
Treatment of Alopecia Areata in the United States: A Retrospective Cross-Sectional Study.
Polymorphisms in the promoter regions of the CXCL1 and CXCL2 genes contribute to increased risk of alopecia areata in the Korean population.
Is platelet-rich plasma effective in the treatment of alopecia areata?
Alopecia areata profiling shows TH1, TH2, and IL-23 cytokine activation without parallel TH17/TH22 skewing.
Squaric acid sensitization is not required for response in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia Areata in the Elderly: A 10-Year Retrospective Study.
Epidemiology and burden of alopecia areata: a systematic review.
T-helper 17 cytokines (interleukins 17, 21, 22, and 6, and tumor necrosis factor-α) in patients with alopecia areata: association with clinical type and severity.
Assessment of tissue levels of dickkopf-1 in androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata.
Benefit of different concentrations of intralesional triamcinolone acetonide in alopecia areata: An intrasubject pilot study.
A Rare Association of Childhood Alopecia Areata and Blepharophimosis-Ptosis-Epicanthus Inversus Syndrome: Successfully Treated with Diphenylcyclopropenone.
Combined oral pulse and topical corticosteroid therapy for severe alopecia areata in children: a long-term follow-up study.
Alopecia areata update.
Evaluation of serum zinc level in patients with newly diagnosed and resistant alopecia areata.
Ocular findings in alopecia areata.
FOXP3 transcription is enhanced in lesional and perilesional skin of patients with focal Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata--Part II: diagnosis and pathology.
Reversal of Alopecia Areata Following Treatment With the JAK1/2 Inhibitor Baricitinib.
Translational Positioning of Janus Kinase (JAK) Inhibitors in Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata universalis in a dog.
Alopecia Areata Increases the Risk of Stroke: a 3-year Follow-Up Study.
Topical Calcipotriol Therapy for Mild-to-Moderate Alopecia Areata: A Retrospective Study.
Inherited Alopecia Areata in Mice as a Result of Adoptive Transfer of In Vivo Mitogen-Activated Splenic Cells to Females During Early Period of Gestation.
Imbalance of T-helper 17 and regulatory T cells in patients with alopecia areata.
Methotrexate in Severe Childhood Alopecia Areata: Long-term Follow-up.
Reliability and validity assessment of the revised Symptom Checklist 90 for alopecia areata patients in China.
Mathematical model for alopecia areata.
Investigation of interleukin-12, interleukin-17 and interleukin-23 receptor gene polymorphisms in alopecia areata.
Case of alopecia areata accompanied by polymyalgia rheumatica.
Contact immunotherapy-resistant alopecia areata totalis/universalis reactive to topical corticosteroid.
Effectiveness of 308-nm Excimer Laser Therapy in Treating Alopecia Areata, Determined by Examining the Treated Sides of Selected Alopecic Patches.
Role of platelet-rich plasma in chronic alopecia areata: Our centre experience.
Osteopontin: a new facilitating factor in alopecia areata pathogenesis?
In vivo visualization of hair follicles by ultrasound biomicroscopy in alopecia areata and its correlation with histopathology.
Association between herpes zoster and alopecia areata: A population-based study.
Transfer of Alopecia Areata to C3H/HeJ Mice Using Cultured Lymph Node-Derived Cells.
High prevalence of thyroid autoimmunity in patients with alopecia areata and vitiligo: a controlled study.
Hair regrowth in alopecia areata patients following Stem Cell Educator therapy.
Treatment of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester.
High Relapse Rates Despite Early Intervention with Intravenous Methylprednisolone Pulse Therapy for Severe Childhood Alopecia Areata.
Interleukin-4 -590 T&gt;C and interleukin-4 receptor Q551R A&gt;G gene polymorphisms in Saudi cases with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata--Part I: Background .
The role of selectins in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata occurring during anti-TNF-α therapy: A French prospective multicentre study].
Microchimerism in alopecia areata.
Bimatoprost versus Mometasone Furoate in the Treatment of Scalp Alopecia Areata: A Pilot Study.
Recovery from alopecia areata in a patient with autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type 3.
Combination therapy with zinc gluconate and PUVA for alopecia areata totalis: an adjunctive but crucial role of zinc supplementation.
Organ specificity in autoimmune diseases: thyroid and islet autoimmunity in alopecia areata.
The genetics of alopecia areata: new approaches, new findings, new treatments.
Efficacy and safety of diphenylcyclopropenone alone or in combination with anthralin in the treatment of chronic extensive alopecia areata: a retrospective case series.
Lesional infiltration of mast cells, Langerhans cells, T cells and local cytokine profiles in alopecia areata.
Experiences and coping behaviours of adolescents in Pakistan with alopecia areata: an interpretative phenomenological analysis.
Genome-wide meta-analysis in alopecia areata resolves HLA associations and reveals two new susceptibility loci.
Treatment of alopecia areata with simvastatin/ezetimibe.
Treatment of alopecia areata with topical sensitizers.
Intravenous methylprednisolone pulse therapy in severe alopecia areata.
An observational study of alopecia areata in Sri Lankan adult patients.
Chinese experience in the treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Plasmacytoid dendritic cells in alopecia areata: missing link?
The PDE4 inhibitor, apremilast, suppresses experimentally induced alopecia areata in human skin in vivo.
Investigation of oxidative stress in patients with alopecia areata and its relationship with disease severity, duration, recurrence and pattern.
Effective squaric acid dibutylester immunotherapy is associated with a reduction of skin infiltrating T-helper (Th)1 and Th17 cells in alopecia areata patients.
Successful treatment of multiplex alopecia areata using transactional analysis: a case report.
Evaluation of Serum Homocysteine, High-Sensitivity CRP, and RBC Folate in Patients with Alopecia Areata.
Differences in Comorbidity Profiles between Early-Onset and Late-Onset Alopecia Areata Patients: A Retrospective Study of 871 Korean Patients.
Association of Vitiligo and Alopecia Areata With Atopic Dermatitis: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis.
Ocular findings in patients with alopecia areata: role of ultra-wide-field retinal imaging.
Crisp1 and alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
The global burden of disease associated with alopecia areata.
Colocalization of vitiligo and alopecia areata presenting as poliosis.
An unusual pattern of alopecia areata.
Direct immunofluorescence pattern and histopathological staging in alopecia areata.
Dermoscopic findings of alopecia areata in dark skinned individuals: an analysis of 116 cases.
Angiotensin converting enzyme activity in alopecia areata.
Immunochip-based analysis: high-density genotyping of immune-related loci sheds further light on the autoimmune genetic architecture of alopecia areata.
Jet cryotherapy vs clobetasol proprionate lotion in alopecia areata.
HLA antigens in individuals with down syndrome and alopecia areata.
Preferential recognition of hydroxyl radical-modified superoxide dismutase by circulating autoantibodies in patients with alopecia areata.
Gene expression of osteopontin in alopecia areata? A case-controlled study.
The autoimmune basis of alopecia areata: a comprehensive review.
Pathology in practice. Alopecia areata in a dog.
Increased prevalence of thyroid disorders in patients with new onset alopecia areata.
Detailed clinicopathological characterization of progressive alopecia areata patients treated with i.v. corticosteroid pulse therapy toward optimization of inclusion criteria.
Alopecia areata. How not to miss Satoyoshi syndrome?
The association of lacrimal gland inflammation with alopecia areata.
Involvement of FcɛR1α immunopositive cells in alopecia areata with atopic dermatitis and a high titer of serum immunoglobulin E.
New aspects of the treatment of alopecia areata.
Allergy to dust mites may contribute to early onset and severity of alopecia areata.
Comparison of zn, cu, and fe content in hair and serum in alopecia areata patients with normal group.
Alopecia areata with white hair regrowth: case report and review of poliosis.
Risk factors and characterization of vitiligo and alopecia areata in patients with chronic graft-vs-host disease.
Acitretin-induced alopecia areata: a case report.
Inhibiting Janus kinases to treat alopecia areata.
Coexistence of psoriasis, and alopecia areata with trachyonychia in a pediatric patient with Turner Syndrome.
Co-existent Presence of Alopecia Areata in Siblings: A Rare Presentation.
Efficacy and safety of methotrexate in alopecia areata.
Clinical observations in alopecia areata: Implications and hypotheses.
Immune thrombocytopenia and alopecia areata: spontaneous occurrence and resolution in the same patient.
Alopecia areata is driven by cytotoxic T lymphocytes and is reversed by JAK inhibition.
Clinical efficacy of diphenylcyclopropenone in alopecia areata: retrospective data analysis of 50 patients.
Exacerbation of alopecia areata during pegylated interferon alpha-2b and ribavirin therapy, possibly due to the collapse of hair follicle immune privilege.
'Ho-ver'ing Over Alopecia Areata: Histopathological Study of 50 Cases.
Quality of life in alopecia areata: a case-control study.
A review of psychiatric disorders comorbidities in patients with alopecia areata.
Distinct temperament and character profiles in first onset vitiligo but not in alopecia areata.
Patchy alopecia areata sparing gray hairs: a case series.
Alopecia areata associated with hypothyroidism.
The relationship between alopecia areata and alexithymia, anxiety and depression: a case-control study.
Association between vitamin D levels and alopecia areata.
Trichostasis spinulosa of the scalp mimicking Alopecia areata black dots.
Vandetanib-associated alopecia areata in a patient with metastatic medullary thyroid cancer.
The role of cytokines and chemokines in the T-cell-mediated autoimmune process in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with abacavir therapy.
Different trichoscopic features of tinea capitis and alopecia areata in pediatric patients.
Breeding and preliminarily phenotyping of a congenic mouse model with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: an evidence-based treatment update.
Diagnostic usefulness of a peribulbar eosinophilic infiltrate in alopecia areata.
Evaluation of total antioxidant status, total oxidant status and oxidative stress index in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata as a paraneoplastic syndrome of Hodgkin's lymphoma: A case report.
A case of ophiasis type of alopecia areata in a patient with ring chromosome 18 syndrome.
Alopecia areata universalis complicating daclizumab therapy for uveitis.
Screening of celiac disease in children with alopecia areata.
Effects of low-dose recombinant interleukin 2 to promote T-regulatory cells in alopecia areata.
Low-dose interleukin 2 to reverse alopecia areata.
Total serum immunoglobulin E in patients with alopecia areata.
Abnormal interactions between perifollicular mast cells and CD8+ T-cells may contribute to the pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata occurring during anti-TNF therapy: a national multicenter prospective study.
Follicular microhemorrhage: a unique dermoscopic sign for the detection of coexisting trichotillomania in alopecia areata.
Association between TLR1 polymorphisms and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and down syndrome: a true association or a coincidence.
Renbök phenomenon in an alopecia areata patient with psoriasis.
Evaluation of utility of phenol in alopecia areata.
Case for diagnosis. Alopecia areata and congenital triangular alopecia.
Alopecia areata-successful outcome with microneedling and triamcinolone acetonide.
Scalp roller therapy in resistant alopecia areata.
Prevalence of psychological disorders in patients with alopecia areata in comparison with normal subjects.
Gender differences in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata in a patient treated with antitubercular drugs].
Alopecia areata and vitiligo as primary presentations in a young male with human immunodeficiency virus.
Biochemical and immunological studies on erythrocytes superoxide dismutase modified by nitric oxide in patients with alopecia areata: Implications in alopecia patchy persistent and alopecia universalis.
Serum level of macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) in Egyptians with alopecia areata and its relation to the clinical severity of the disease.
Vitamin D deficiency in alopecia areata.
Acquired immunogenicity of DNA after modification with malondialdehyde in patients with alopecia areata.
Assessing quality of life in Alopecia areata patients in China.
Alopecia areata in a patient with psoriatic arthritis and Crohn's disease receiving etanercept.
Clinical and dermatoscopic patterns of alopecia areata: a tertiary care centre experience.
Alopecia Areata: news on diagnosis, pathogenesis and treatment.
Alopecia areata and suicide of children.
How effective is intralesional injection of triamcinolone acetonide compared with topical treatments in inducing and maintaining hair growth in patients with alopecia areata? A Critically Appraised Topic.
Clinical characteristics of alopecia areata in Down syndrome.
Hapten-induced lymphadenosis benigna cutis secondary to squaric acid dibutylester sensitization for alopecia areata.
Thyroid disorders associated with alopecia areata in egyptian patients.
Association between interleukin 18 polymorphisms and alopecia areata in Koreans.
Alopecia areata after HLA-identical BMT from an affected, sibling donor.
Extensive scalp angioedema following high-dose diphenylcyclopropenone for alopecia areata.
Graves' disease associated with alopecia areata developing after Hashimoto's thyroiditis.
Granulomatous alopecia areata.
Annular alopecia areata: report of two cases.
Severe onycholysis in a card illusionist with alopecia areata universalis.
Alopecia areata: more than skin deep.
Alopecia areata and vitiligo - partners in crime or a case of false alibis.
Early intervention with high-dose steroid pulse therapy prolongs disease-free interval of severe alopecia areata: a retrospective study.
Alopecia areata developing during ustekinumab therapy: report of two cases.
Excimer laser: a module of the alopecia areata common protocol.
What looks like alopecia areata is not always alopecia areata.
Therapy for alopecia areata in mice using parathyroid hormone agonists and antagonists, linked to a collagen-binding domain.
Association between alopecia areata, psoriasis vulgaris, thyroid disease, and metabolic syndrome.
Growth hormone deficiency in a young patient with alopecia areata.
The national alopecia areata registry-update.
Development of the alopecia areata symptom impact scale.
Summary of the preceding three alopecia areata research summits: what's past is prologue.
Health-Related Quality of Life (HRQoL) in alopecia areata patients-a secondary analysis of the National Alopecia Areata Registry Data.
Universal protocol for alopecia areata clinical studies.
Treatment development program: the National Alopecia Areata Foundation's initiative for achieving safe and effective therapies.
DNCB use in treating extensive alopecia areata.
Current treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and its effects on patients.
Pharmacogenomics in clinical drug development and potential for alopecia areata.
A new humanized mouse model for alopecia areata.
What can the genetics of psoriasis teach us about alopecia areata?
Toward T cell protein-protein interaction activity relevant to alopecia areata.
The role of hair follicle immune privilege collapse in alopecia areata: status and perspectives.
Alopecia areata: updates from the mouse perspective.
The genetic architecture of alopecia areata.
Overview of alopecia areata.
Genes and immune response in alopecia areata: review of the alopecia areata research summit first day proceedings.
Introduction to innovations in the immunology and clinical science of alopecia areata.
Association between IL16 gene polymorphisms and susceptibility to alopecia areata in the Korean population.
Morphological changes of the hair roots in alopecia areata: a scanning electron microscopic study.
Association of HSPA1B SNP rs6457452 with Alopecia Areata in the Korean population.
Association analysis of the IL2RA gene with alopecia areata in a Chinese population.
Psychiatric symptomatology and health-related quality of life in children and adolescents with alopecia areata.
Clobetasol propionate, 0.05%, vs hydrocortisone, 1%, for alopecia areata in children: a randomized clinical trial.
Surgical methods for full-thickness skin grafts to induce alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
Total glucosides of paeony capsule plus compound glycyrrhizin tablets for the treatment of severe alopecia areata in children: a randomized controlled trial.
Lifetime incidence risk of alopecia areata estimated at 2.1% by Rochester Epidemiology Project, 1990-2009.
Reduced level of 25-hydroxyvitamin D in chronic/relapsing Alopecia Areata.
[Alopecia areata].
Videocapillaroscopic alterations in alopecia areata.
Recent advances in the pathogenesis of autoimmune hair loss disease alopecia areata.
The effect of oral cyclosporine in the treatment of severe alopecia areata.
Topical immunomodulation with diphenylcyclopropenone for alopecia areata: the Lebanese experience.
Non-scarring patchy alopecia in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus differs from that of alopecia areata.
Concomitant alopecia areata and hypertrichosis after infliximab therapy: rara avis.
Vitiligo and alopecia areata: apples and oranges?
Serum thymus and activation-regulated chemokine as disease activity and response biomarker in alopecia areata.
Targeted photochemotherapy in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata].
PTPN22 profile indicates a novel risk group in Alopecia areata.
Hair regrowth following TNF-α blockade in coexisting psoriasis vulgaris and alopecia areata.
Serum granulysin as a possible key marker of the activity of alopecia areata.
Audiological abnormalities in patients with alopecia areata.
Unusual forms of alopecia areata in a Trichology Unit.
Comparison of interleukin-17- producing cells in different clinical types of alopecia areata.
Pulse corticosteroid therapy for alopecia areata in children: a retrospective study.
Birth, life, and death of the MAGE3 hypothesis of alopecia areata pathobiology.
Trichoscopic findings in alopecia areata and their relation to disease activity, severity and clinical subtype in Turkish patients.
Trichoscopy in paediatric patients with tinea capitis: a useful method to differentiate from alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: an update.
Quality of life in alopecia areata: a sample of tunisian patients.
Prominent follicular mucinosis with diffuse scalp alopecia resembling alopecia areata.
Colocalization of vitiligo and alopecia areata: coincidence or consequence?
Alopecia areata treated with phenolisation and intravenous dexamethasone pulses.
Methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T mutation in patients with alopecia areata in Turkish population.
What causes alopecia areata?
Clinical significance of serum high-mobility group box 1 level in alopecia areata.
Congenital triangular alopecia: an imitator of alopecia areata.
308-nm Excimer Lamp for the Treatment of Alopecia Areata: Clinical Trial on 16 Cases.
Attitudes and perceptions of school-aged children toward alopecia areata.
[A false alopecia areata].
Oxidative stress in alopecia areata: a case-control study.
Resident Rounds. Part III B: tumor necrosis factor-α antagonists and alopecia areata: a class-wide adverse effect.
Alopecia areata: infiltration of Th17 cells in the dermis, particularly around hair follicles.
The association between Interleukin (IL)-4 gene intron 3 VNTR polymorphism and alopecia areata (AA) in Turkish population.
Tolerance induction by hair-specific keratins in murine alopecia areata.
Early stage alopecia areata is associated with inflammation in the upper dermis and damage to the hair follicle infundibulum.
Cytokine pathways and interactions in alopecia areata.
A brush with danger: historical review of topical immunotherapy for alopecia areata.
Mouse alopecia areata and heart disease: know your mouse!
A study to evaluate the efficacy of various topical treatment modalities for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata - Vitiligo overlap syndrome: an emerging clinical variant.
Alopecia areata in a patient receiving infliximab.
Lack of response to laser comb in spontaneous and graft-induced alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
Alopecia areata: a possible extraintestinal manifestation of Crohn's disease.
Antihistaminic drug olopatadine downmodulates T cell chemotaxis toward CXCL10 by reducing CXCR3 expression, F-actin polymerization and calcium influx in patients with alopecia areata.
Efficacy of korean red ginseng in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Autoimmune, atopic, and mental health comorbid conditions associated with alopecia areata in the United States.
Practice gaps. Alopecia areata and comorbid conditions.
Alopecia areata associated with Herpes zoster.
Alopecia areata possibly induced by autoimmune reaction in a patient with human T-cell lymphotropic virus-1-associated myelopathy.
Development of autoimmune hair loss disease alopecia areata is associated with cardiac dysfunction in C3H/HeJ mice.
Hair loss in the dermatology office: an update on alopecia areata.
Blocking potassium channels (Kv1.3): a new treatment option for alopecia areata?
Clinical and histopathological features of itch in patients with alopecia areata.
Dermoscopic evaluation of therapeutic response to an intralesional corticosteroid in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Analysis of clinical and histologic correlations in alopecia areata and telogen effluvium: adversities in alopecia pattern mimicry.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active-controlled, half-head study to evaluate the effects of platelet-rich plasma on alopecia areata.
T-helper and regulatory T-cell cytokines in the peripheral blood of patients with active alopecia areata.
Functional polymorphisms in cell death pathway genes FAS and FAS ligand and risk of alopecia areata.
Serum paraoxonase activity and oxidative status in subjects with alopecia areata.
Association analysis of the HLA-C gene in Japanese alopecia areata.
Koebner phenomenon in alopecia areata: rapid appearance after trichogram. Implications for the pathogenesis and therapy.
Genetic analysis of interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and interleukin-1β single-nucleotide polymorphisms C-511T and C+3953T in alopecia areata: susceptibility and severity association.
Inhibitory effect of tianeptine on catagen induction in alopecia areata-like lesions induced by ultrasonic wave stress in mice.
PTPN22 gene polymorphism in Egyptian alopecia areata patients and its impact on response to diphencyprone immunotherapy.
Cytotoxic T-lymphocyte antigen 4 (CTLA4) +49AG and CT60 gene polymorphisms in Alopecia Areata: a case-control association study in the Italian population.
A functional polymorphism in interleukin-1α (IL1A) gene is associated with risk of alopecia areata in Chinese populations.
Granulomatous alopecia: a variant of alopecia areata?
Differential expression of CXCL1, CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL12 chemokines in alopecia areata.
Combination therapy with cyclosporine and psoralen plus ultraviolet a in the patients with severe alopecia areata: a retrospective study with a self-controlled design.
Regrowth of upper eyelid eyelashes after making a surgical incision on the upper eyelid in a case of severe alopecia areata.
Sleep quality in patients with alopecia areata: questionnaire-based study.
Impaired inhibitory function of circulating CD4+CD25+ regulatory T cells in alopecia areata.
Equine alopecia areata: a retrospective clinical descriptive study at the University of California, Davis (1980-2011).
Alopecia areata of dental origin in a child.
Complete remission of alopecia areata under treatment of chronic hand eczema with alitretinoin.
Lipid nanoparticles in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Bone mineral density in patients with alopecia areata treated with long-term intralesional corticosteroids.
Alopecia areata and humpy-back syndrome in suckling piglets.
Examining the relationship between alopecia areata, androgenetic alopecia, and emotional intelligence.
Antidepressant effects of citalopram on treatment of alopecia areata in patients with major depressive disorder.
Pulse methylprednisolone therapy for the treatment of extensive alopecia areata.
Alternaria scalp infection in a patient with alopecia areata. Coexistence or causative relationship?
Genetic evidence for the involvement of NOTCH4 in rheumatoid arthritis and alopecia areata.
Triggering role of stressful life events in patients with alopecia areata.
CXCL10 produced from hair follicles induces Th1 and Tc1 cell infiltration in the acute phase of alopecia areata followed by sustained Tc1 accumulation in the chronic phase.
Alopecia areata during treatment with adalimumab: therapy with an alternative TNF-alpha inhibitor is possible.
Pili annulati coincident with alopecia areata, autoimmune thyroid disease, and primary IgA deficiency: case report and considerations on the literature.
[Clinical case of a combination of ulcerative colitis and alopecia areata].
Psychosocial impact of wigs or hairpieces on perceived quality of life level in female patients with alopecia areata.
Current treatment strategies in pediatric alopecia areata.
The -2T/C polymorphism in the adrenocorticotropin receptor gene affects stress perception of patients with alopecia areata.
Clinical and histological challenge in the differential diagnosis of diffuse alopecia: female androgenetic alopecia, telogen effluvium and alopecia areata--part II.
Single nucleotide polymorphisms in the promoter regions of Foxp3 and ICOSLG genes are associated with Alopecia areata.
Prognostic factors that affect the response to topical treatment in patchy alopecia areata.
Rectangular-patterned Occipital Alopecia Areata: A Report of Three Cases.
Miniaturized Hairs Maintain Contact with the Arrector Pili Muscle in Alopecia Areata but not in Androgenetic Alopecia: A Model for Reversible Miniaturization and Potential for Hair Regrowth.
Concomitant presentation of alopecia areata in siblings: a rare occurrence.
No filaggrin gene mutation in a patient with a combination of atopic dermatitis, alopecia areata and food allergy.
Update on the genetics of androgenetic alopecia, female pattern hair loss, and alopecia areata: implications for molecular diagnostic testing.
Genetic basis of alopecia areata: a roadmap for translational research.
Alopecia areata update.
Regrowth of black hair in two red-haired alopecia areata patients.
Alopecia areata as a complication of hair restoration surgery.
Anti-inflammatory effect of electroacupuncture in the C3H/HeJ mouse model of alopecia areata.
Autoimmune disease induction in a healthy human organ: a humanized mouse model of alopecia areata.
Diffuse alopecia areata is associated with intense inflammatory infiltration and CD8+ T cells in hair loss regions and an increase in serum IgE level.
Squalene-containing nanostructured lipid carriers promote percutaneous absorption and hair follicle targeting of diphencyprone for treating alopecia areata.
Progressive pigmented purpuric dermatitis and alopecia areata as unusual skin manifestations in recognizing hereditary hemochromatosis.
Serum concentrations of IL-2, IL-6, IL-12 and TNF-α in patients with alopecia areata.
Efficacy and safety of diphenylcyclopropenone among Chinese patients with steroid resistant and extensive alopecia areata.
Clinical and histological challenge in the differential diagnosis of diffuse alopecia: female androgenetic alopecia, telogen effluvium and alopecia areata - part I.
Endogenous retinoids in the pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in a composite tissue (hand) allograft recipient following graft rejection.
Multivariate analysis of prognostic factors in patients with rapidly progressive alopecia areata.
The safety and efficacy of diphencyprone for the treatment of alopecia areata in children.
Pulse corticosteroid therapy for alopecia areata: long-term outcome after 10 years.
No basophil infiltration in alopecia areata irrespective of the intensity of eosinophil infiltration.
Trichoscopic features of various types of alopecia areata in India: application of a hand-held dermoscope.
Associations between skin diseases and quality of life: a comparison of psoriasis, vitiligo, and alopecia areata.
Insulin resistance is increased in alopecia areata patients.
Renbök phenomenon in a patient with alopecia areata universalis.
Amelanocytic anhidrotic alopecia areata-like phenotype after allogeneic hematopoietic cell transplant.
Investigation of selected cytokine genes suggests that IL2RA and the TNF/LTA locus are risk factors for severe alopecia areata.
Congenital combined melanocytic nevus of the scalp with associated alopecia areata.
Eyelash alopecia areata: case series and literature review.
Concurrence of alopecia areata and vitiligo at the same anatomical site.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata with topical calcipotriol.
Letter: Alopecia areata during ustekinumab administration: Co-existence or an adverse reaction?
A randomized controlled trial comparing total glucosides of paeony capsule and compound glycyrrhizin tablet for alopecia areata.
Dermoscopy of early dissecting cellulitis of the scalp simulates alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Safety and efficacy of adalimumab for the treatment of severe alopecia areata: case series of three patients.
Alopecia in an ophiasis pattern: traction alopecia versus alopecia areata.
Quality of life in alopecia areata: a disease-specific questionnaire.
Development of a disease-specific instrument to measure quality of life in patients with alopecia areata.
Interest of high-dose pulse corticosteroid therapy combined with methotrexate for severe alopecia areata: a retrospective case series.
Alopecia Areata: a possible extraintestinal manifestation of Crohn's disease.
'Black dots' seen under trichoscopy are not specific for alopecia areata.
Psychological status of patients with alopecia areata.
Circumscribed alopecia areata incognita.
Recall dermatitis at patch test sites in alopecia areata treated with diphencyprone.
Giant congenital triangular alopecia mimicking alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata as a model for T cell-dependent autoimmune diseases.
Histopathologic features of alopecia areata incognito: a review of 46 cases.
Case of intractable ophiasis type of alopecia areata presumably improved by fexofenadine.
Serum holotranscobalamine, vitamin B12, folic acid and homocysteine levels in alopecia areata patients.
Epidemiologic and genetic characteristics of alopecia areata (part 2).
Discussion about alopecia areata emergence as a class-dependent effect of anti-TNFα.
Association between scalp psoriasis and alopecia areata.
Follow-up study of the first genome-wide association scan in alopecia areata: IL13 and KIAA0350 as susceptibility loci supported with genome-wide significance.
The appearance of pili annulati following alopecia areata.
British Association of Dermatologists' guidelines for the management of alopecia areata 2012.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha promoter-308G/A polymorphism in Mexican patients with patchy alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Efficacy and safety of oral mega pulse methylprednisolone for severe therapy resistant Alopecia areata.
General practitioners' knowledge and practices related to alopecia areata in Qassim region, Saudi Arabia.
Long-term follow-up of previously reported case of trichomegaly associated with alopecia areata in a 3-year-old girl.
[Serum cortisol and peripheral blood mononuclear cell glucocorticoid receptor mRNA expression in severe alopecia areata with liver-kidney deficiency syndrome].
Epidemiologic and genetic characteristics of alopecia areata (part 1).
Association between IL17A/IL17RA Gene Polymorphisms and Susceptibility to Alopecia Areata in the Korean Population.
Alopecia areata in two black Angus cows.
Increased expression of Cxcr3 and its ligands, Cxcl9 and Cxcl10, during the development of alopecia areata in the mouse.
Late-onset alopecia areata: a retrospective study of 73 patients from Taiwan.
Epitopes, avidity and IgG subclasses of tyrosine hydroxylase autoantibodies in vitiligo and alopecia areata patients.
[Childhood alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata during treatment of psoriasis with adalimumab and leflunomide: a case and review of the literature.
A comment regarding 'follicular Swiss cheese' in the diagnosis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with haloperidol decanoate long-acting injection.
Videocapillaroscopic pattern of alopecia areata before and after diphenylciclopropenone treatment.
High prevalence of thyroid peroxidase antibodies in patients with alopecia areata.
Practicality in using diphenyl cyclo propenone for alopecia areata.
Extensive alopecia areata: not necessarily recalcitrant to therapy!
Advances in the management of alopecia areata.
Renbök phenomenon in a patient with alopecia areata universalis and psoriasis.
The importance of trichological examination in the diagnosis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata triggered or exacerbated by swine flu virus infection.
Tumor necrosis factor-alpha in patients with alopecia areata.
A mouse model of clonal CD8+ T lymphocyte-mediated alopecia areata progressing to alopecia universalis.
Narrowband ultraviolet B phototherapy for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata incognita.
Psychiatric comorbidities in patients with alopecia areata in Taiwan: a case-control study.
Prevention and treatment of alopecia areata with quercetin in the C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Genome-wide pooling approach identifies SPATA5 as a new susceptibility locus for alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata universalis due to strontium ranelate].
[Alopecia areata: a retrospective study of the paediatric dermatology department (2000-2008)].
Involvement of the bulge region with decreased expression of hair follicle stem cell markers in senile female cases of alopecia areata.
Utility of dermoscopy in alopecia areata.
Intermediate uveitis and alopecia areata: is there a relationship? Report of 3 pediatric cases.
Integration of genome-wide transcriptional and genetic profiles provides insights into disease development and clinical heterogeneity in alopecia areata.
Abnormal epigenetic modifications in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata incognita: a comment.
Cure of alopecia areata after eradication of Helicobacter pylori: a new association?
Kawasaki disease and alopecia areata: coincidence or a true association?
Demonstration of autoantibodies against tyrosine hydroxylase in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: a new treatment plan.
Serum cytokine levels and anxiety and depression rates in patients with alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata after biologic therapy: report of a case related to adalimumab].
The comparison of treatment with clobetasol propionate 0.05% and topical pimecrolimus 1% treatment in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Hyposecretion of the Adrenal Androgen Dehydroepiandrosterone Sulfate (DHEA-S) in the Majority of the Alopecia Areata Patients: Is it a Primitive and Pathogenic Perturbation of Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis?
Alopecia areata - probing the deforestation.
Congenital triangular alopecia: a close mimicker of alopecia areata.
Randomized comparison of topical betamethasone valerate foam, intralesional triamcinolone acetonide and tacrolimus ointment in management of localized alopecia areata.
Alteration in hair texture following regrowth in alopecia areata: a case report.
Environmental stress but not subjective distress in children or adolescents with alopecia areata.
Hypothesis testing: CTLA4 co-stimulatory pathways critical in the pathogenesis of human and mouse alopecia areata.
Effects of the Lexington LaserComb on hair regrowth in the C3H/HeJ mouse model of alopecia areata.
Clinical profile and impact on quality of life: seven years experience with patients of alopecia areata.
Bimatoprost in the treatment of eyelash universalis alopecia areata.
An extraordinary colocalization of alopecia areata and vitiligo.
Differential expression of stem cell markers in lichen planopilaris and alopecia areata.
Increased retinol-binding protein (RBP) 4 and anti-RBP4 antibody in alopecia areata.
Lichenoid red tatoo reaction and alopecia areata.
Relapsing polychondritis associated with psoriasis vulgaris and alopecia areata.
Is atopy and autoimmunity more prevalent in patients with alopecia areata? A comparative study.
Genetic association of HLA-DQB1 and HLA-DRB1 polymorphisms with alopecia areata in the Italian population.
Multiple paraneoplastic syndromes: myasthenia gravis, vitiligo, alopecia areata, and oral lichen planus associated with thymoma.
Histopathology of alopecia areata, acute and chronic: Why is it important to the clinician?
Treatment of alopecia areata: &quot;What is new on the horizon?&quot;.
Topical and intralesional therapies for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: Clinical presentation, diagnosis, and unusual cases.
Etiopathogenesis of alopecia areata: Why do our patients get it?
The genetics of alopecia areata: What's new and how will it help our patients?
Systemic treatment for alopecia areata.
Investigative guidelines for alopecia areata.
Camouflage technique for alopecia areata: What is a patient to do?
Alopecia areata: Support groups and meetings - how can it help your patient?
Dermatologic therapy: Alopecia areata update.
Histologic features of alopecia areata other than peribulbar lymphocytic infiltrates.
Vitiligo and alopecia areata associated with subclinical/clinical hypothyroidism.
Renbok phenomenon between psoriasis and alopecia areata.
Comorbidity profiles among patients with alopecia areata: the importance of onset age, a nationwide population-based study.
Clinical severity does not reliably predict quality of life in women with alopecia areata, telogen effluvium, or androgenic alopecia.
Prognostic factors in methylprednisolone pulse therapy for alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy with diphenylcyclopropenone of patients with alopecia areata--a large retrospective study on 142 patients with a self-controlled design.
Alopecia areata incognita.
Concomitant manifestation of pili annulati and alopecia areata: coincidental rather than true association.
Hair follicle stem cell marker nestin expression in regenerating hair follicles of patients with alopecia areata.
Hair regrowth with topical triiodothyronine ointment in patients with alopecia areata: a double-blind, randomized pilot clinical trial of efficacy.
Efficacy and tolerability of methotrexate in severe childhood alopecia areata.
Successful immunsuppression in childhood alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata during anti-TNF alpha therapy: Nine cases].
Emergence of trichoscopic yellow dots by topical corticosteroid in alopecia areata mimicking frontal fibrosing alopecia: a case report.
Alopecia areata.
The coudability sign of alopecia areata: the real story.
[Muscular needling combined with local injection for treatment of alopecia areata].
Coexistence of giant blue nevus of the scalp with hair loss and alopecia areata.
Genetic variants in CTLA4 are strongly associated with alopecia areata.
A case-control study on family dysfunction in patients with alopecia areata, psoriasis and atopic dermatitis.
Psoriatic alopecia/alopecia areata-like reactions secondary to anti-tumor necrosis factor-α therapy: a novel cause of noncicatricial alopecia.
[Treatment of alopecia areata: modern principles and perspectives].
Psychosocial stress and coping in alopecia areata: a questionnaire survey and qualitative study among 45 patients.
Treatment effects of intradermal botulinum toxin type A injection on alopecia areata.
Oral erosive lichen planus and alopecia areata with Good's syndrome (thymoma with hypogammaglobulinemia).
Serum concentrations of interferon-gamma (IFN-g) in patients with alopecia areata: correlation with clinical type and duration of the disease.
Reflectance confocal microscopy of the yellow dot pattern in alopecia areata.
Hair shaft abnormalities in alopecia areata evaluated by optical coherence tomography.
Clinical inquiries: childhood alopecia areata: what treatment works best?
Successful treatment of resistant alopecia areata with a phototoxic dose of ultraviolet A after topical 8-methoxypsoralen application.
Bexarotene gel: a new topical therapy for alopecia areata.
Intralesional steroids for alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata.
Histopathologic profile of alopecia areata in Indian patients.
Alopecia Areata Associated with Localized Vitiligo.
Dermoscopic clues to distinguish trichotillomania from patchy alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata mimicking pseudopelade of Brocq.
Hypnosis and alopecia areata: Long-term beneficial effects on psychological well-being.
Treatment of alopecia areata with 308-nm excimer lamp.
[Alopecia areata and vitiligo: Can genetics tell us more about their mechanisms?].
'Follicular Swiss cheese' pattern--another histopathologic clue to alopecia areata.
Patients with profuse hair shedding may reveal anagen hair dystrophy: a diagnostic clue of alopecia areata incognita.
Collapse of immune privilege in alopecia areata: coincidental or substantial?
An implication for post-transcriptional control: reciprocal changes of melanocortin receptor type 2 mRNA and protein expression in alopecia areata.
Could azathioprine be considered as a therapeutic alternative in the treatment of alopecia areata? A pilot study.
Hair transplantation for therapy-resistant alopecia areata of the eyebrows: is it the right choice?
Alopecia areata universalis during off-label treatment with Infliximab in a patient with Behçet disease.
Pigmented contact dermatitis due to therapeutic sensitizer as complication of contact immunotherapy in alopecia areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with prednisone in a once-monthly oral pulse].
[Long-term follow-up of the efficacy of methotrexate alone or in combination with low doses of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of alopecia areata totalis or universalis].
[Alopecia areata].
Trichohyalin is a potential major autoantigen in human alopecia areata.
Quality of life in alopecia areata: a study of 60 cases.
Relapsing polychondritis following alopecia areata.
Serum Interleukin-4 and Total Immunoglobulin E in Nonatopic Alopecia Areata Patients and HLA-DRB1 Typing.
Management of alopecia areata.
Bilateral treatment for alopecia areata.
An unexpected twist in alopecia areata pathogenesis: are NK cells protective and CD49b+ T cells pathogenic?
Evaluation of free oxygen radical and antioxidant capacity in alopecia areata.
Folliculotropic mycosis fungoides masquerading as alopecia areata.
Lipid peroxidation/antioxidant activity in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in Eringer cows.
Hair follicles from alopecia areata patients exhibit alterations in immune privilege-associated gene expression in advance of hair loss.
Comparative assessment of topical steroids, topical tretenoin (0.05%) and dithranol paste in alopecia areata.
Genome-wide association study in alopecia areata implicates both innate and adaptive immunity.
Melanocortin receptor type 2 (MC2R, ACTH receptor) expression in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata as another immune-mediated disease developed in patients treated with tumour necrosis factor-α blocker agents: Report of five cases and review of the literature.
Vitiligo after diphencyprone for alopecia areata.
Heat treatment increases the incidence of alopecia areata in the C3H/HeJ mouse model.
A potential association between alopecia areata and narcolepsy.
Transcriptional profiling in alopecia areata defines immune and cell cycle control related genes within disease-specific signatures.
Peripheral blood gene expression in alopecia areata reveals molecular pathways distinguishing heritability, disease and severity.
Management of autoimmune associated alopecia areata.
[Immunization and bacterial pathogens in the oropharynx as risk factors for alopecia areata].
Diphencyprone and topical tacrolimus as two topical immunotherapeutic modalities. Are they effective in the treatment of alopecia areata among Egyptian patients? A study using CD4, CD8 and MHC II as markers.
The therapeutic effect and the changed serum zinc level after zinc supplementation in alopecia areata patients who had a low serum zinc level.
Cutis verticis gyrata and alopecia areata: a synchronous coincidence?
Alopecia areata and autoimmunity.
Computer-aided human leukocyte antigen association studies: a case study for psoriasis and severe alopecia areata.
Functional polymorphisms of the FAS/FASLG genes are associated with risk of alopecia areata in a Chinese population: a case-control analysis.
Experimental evaluation of ebastine, a second-generation anti-histamine, as a supportive medication for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata developing paralell to improvement of psoriasis during ustekinumab therapy.
Type 1 interferon signature in the scalp lesions of alopecia areata.
Cytokines and other mediators in alopecia areata.
Potential involvement of the stem cell factor receptor c-kit in alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia: histopathological, immunohistochemical, and semiquantitative investigations.
Dermatoglyphic patterns in psoriasis, vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Concordance rate of alopecia areata in identical twins supports both genetic and environmental factors.
Hypnosis in refractory alopecia areata significantly improves depression, anxiety, and life quality but not hair regrowth.
Woolly hair with alopecia areata in a Caucasian girl.
Hair growth in patients alopecia areata totalis after treatment with simvastatin and ezetimibe.
Alopecia areata update: part II. Treatment.
Alopecia areata update: part I. Clinical picture, histopathology, and pathogenesis.
Effects of diphencyprone on expression of Bcl-2 protein in patients with alopecia areata.
An unusual anatomical colocalization of alopecia areata and vitiligo in a child, and improvement during treatment with topical prostaglandin E2.
The efficacy of topical diphencyprone in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata is not associated with Helicobacter pylori.
Histopathological changes in different stages of alopecia areata.
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome: Association with alopecia areata.
The TRAF1/C5 locus confers risk for familial and severe alopecia areata.
Latanoprost in the treatment of eyelash alopecia in alopecia areata universalis.
Diabetic ketoacidosis, thyroiditis and alopecia areata in a child with Down syndrome.
Complementary and alternative medicine in alopecia areata.
Alefacept for severe alopecia areata: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
Development of alopecia areata after biological therapy with TNF-alpha Blockers: description of a case and review of the literature.
Attitudes of dermatologists in the southeastern United States regarding treatment of alopecia areata: a cross-sectional survey study.
Photodynamic therapy with methyl 5-aminolevulinate acid combined with microneedle treatment in patients with extensive alopecia areata.
Medium-dose prednisolone pulse therapy in alopecia areata.
Coudability hairs: a revisited sign of alopecia areata assessed by trichoscopy.
Serum T helper 1 cytokine levels are greater in patients with alopecia areata regardless of severity or atopy.
Treatment of severe alopecia areata with intralesional steroid injections.
308-nm excimer laser for the treatment of alopecia areata in children.
Contact immunotherapy-induced Renbök phenomenon in a patient with alopecia areata and psoriasis vulgaris.
Alopecia areata universalis after phenobarbital-induced anti-convulsant hypersensitivity syndrome.
Serum levels of IL-18 and sIL-2R in patients with alopecia areata receiving combined therapy with oral cyclosporine and steroids.
Five-year experience in the treatment of alopecia areata with DPC.
Serum vitamin B12, folate, ferritin, and iron levels in Turkish patients with alopecia areata.
Instilled bimatoprost ophthalmic solution in patients with eyelash alopecia areata.
Melanocytes: a possible autoimmune target in alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata in children.
Phase I/II randomized bilateral half-head comparison of topical bexarotene 1% gel for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata treated with efalizumab: a case with significant hair re-growth after long-term therapy.
Treatment of alopecia areata with fractional photothermolysis laser.
The efficacy of latanoprost in the treatment of alopecia areata of eyelashes and eyebrows.
History of atopy or autoimmunity increases risk of alopecia areata.
An update on alopecia areata.
Fexofenadine hydrochloride enhances the efficacy of contact immunotherapy for extensive alopecia areata: Retrospective analysis of 121 cases.
[Update on the treatment of alopecia areata].
Prolactin levels in the patients with alopecia areata.
Psoriasiform eruption associated with alopecia areata during infliximab therapy.
Neuroendocrine perspectives in alopecia areata: does stress play a role?
[Alopecia areata: no cure for bald spots].
Trichomegaly in a 3-year-old girl with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata during etanercept therapy.
The lived experience of alopecia areata: a qualitative study.
Infrared irradiation as an adjuvant therapy in recalcitrant alopecia areata.
Ocular alterations in patients of alopecia areata.
Alexithymia in patients with alopecia areata: educational background much more important than traumatic events.
Alopecia areata: evidence-based treatments.
Combination therapy with oral PUVA and corticosteroid for recalcitrant alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata following adalimumab.
Lack of efficacy of topical latanoprost and bimatoprost ophthalmic solutions in promoting eyelash growth in patients with alopecia areata.
Capsaicin vs. clobetasol for the treatment of localized alopecia areata.
Is Helicobacter pylori infection associated with alopecia areata?
[Alopecia areata as the initial paraneoplastic presentation of gastric adenocarcinoma].
Recombinant human hepatitis B vaccine initiating alopecia areata: testing the hypothesis using the C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Trace element levels in alopecia areata.
An uncontrolled, open label study of sulfasalazine in severe alopecia areata.
Decreased heme oxygenase-1 expression in the scalp of patients with alopecia areata: the pathogenic role of heme oxygenase-1.
Investigation of the inflammatory mechanisms in alopecia areata.
Bald is beautiful?: the psychosocial impact of alopecia areata.
[Regulatory effect of procyanidins on the expressions of interferon-gamma, interleukin-12 and transcription factor T-bet mRNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cell of patients with alopecia areata].
Targetoid pattern of hair regrowth in alopecia areata: a case report.
Dermoscopy findings of alopecia areata in an African-American patient.
Alopecia areata incognita: true or false?
Treatment of Severe Alopecia Areata: Combination Therapy Using Systemic Cyclosporine A with Low Dose Corticosteroids.
Increased history of childhood and lifetime traumatic events among adults with alopecia areata.
Development of alopecia areata is associated with higher central and peripheral hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal tone in the skin graft induced C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Biologic agents and alopecia areata.
Acute diffuse and total alopecia: A new subtype of alopecia areata with a favorable prognosis.
[High-dose intravenous corticosteroid pulse therapy in alopecia areata: own experience compared with the literature].
Comorbidity of psychiatric disorders in children and adolescents with alopecia areata in a child and adolescent psychiatry clinical sample.
Lack of efficacy of topical imiquimod in the treatment of patchy alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata universalis during treatment of rheumatoid arthritis with anti-TNF-alpha antibody (adalimumab).
Alopecia areata and autoimmunity.
Alopecia areata and celiac disease.
Thyroid autoimmunity in patients with alopecia areata.
The C3H/HeJ mouse and DEBR rat models for alopecia areata: review of preclinical drug screening approaches and results.
Successful hair transplantation of recalcitrant alopecia areata of the scalp.
Topical dinitrochlorobenzene (DNCB) for alopecia areata: Revisited.
Alopecia areata in children.
Alopecia areata prevalence by gender and age.
Value of transverse section scalp biopsy in alopecia areata - a clinicopathological correlation.
A case of patchy alopecia areata sparing lesional greying hairs.
Treatment of persistent alopecia areata with sulfasalazine.
[Alopecia areata].
[Association between alopecia areata and atopy].
Pachyonychia congenital type 1 and alopecia areata in mother and son - pathogenetic association or a simple coexistence?
Evaluation of serum iron and ferritin levels in alopecia areata.
Pernicious anemia in a patient with Type 1 diabetes mellitus and alopecia areata universalis.
Clinical significance of dermoscopy in alopecia areata: analysis of 300 cases.
Combination therapy of cyclosporine and methylprednisolone on severe alopecia areata.
Susceptible and protective endothelial nitric oxide synthase gene polymorphism in alopecia areata in the Kuwaiti population.
Hypnotic approaches for alopecia areata.
Direct Immunofluorescence studies of patients with alopecia areata in affected and clinically normal areas of scalp.
Familial alopecia areata and chronic thrombocytopenia.
Nail changes in alopecia areata: frequency and clinical presentation.
Severe alopecia areata and onychodystrophy on all four feet of a French trotter mare.
Primary cutaneous follicle center lymphoma associated with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Serum selenium level in Iranian patients with alopecia areata.
The role of scalp dermoscopy in the diagnosis of alopecia areata incognita.
Interventions for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and relationship with stressful events in children.
Alopecia areata progressing to totalis/universalis in non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (type II): failure of dexamethasone-cyclophosphamide pulse therapy.
Alopecia areata in Turkey: demographic and clinical features.
Failure to treat alopecia areata with photodynamic therapy.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata with efalizumab.
Discoid lupus erythematosus exacerbated by contact dermatitis caused by use of squaric acid dibutylester for topical immunotherapy in a patient with alopecia areata.
Linear lichen planus distributed in the lines of Blaschko developing during intramuscular triamcinolone acetonide therapy for alopecia areata multiplex.
Onset of alopecia areata after Epstein-Barr virus infectious mononucleosis.
Serum BAFF and APRIL levels in patients with alopecia areata.
Subcutaneous efalizumab is not effective in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Poor long term outcome of severe alopecia areata in children treated with high dose pulse corticosteroid therapy.
Allergic contact dermatitis from 2-ethylhexyl acrylate contained in a wig-fixing adhesive tape and its 'incidental' therapeutic effect on alopecia areata.
Controlled delivery of T-box21 small interfering RNA ameliorates autoimmune alopecia (Alopecia Areata) in a C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Alopecia areata universalis elicited during treatment with adalimumab.
Worsening alopecia areata and de novo occurrence of multiple halo nevi in a patient receiving infliximab.
High-dose intravenous corticosteroid pulse therapy in alopecia areata: own experience compared with the literature.
Dermal mucin in alopecia areata--tell tale sign or incidental finding?
Genetic analysis of autoimmune regulator haplotypes in alopecia areata.
A clinical study of alopecia areata in Mexico.
Is there a role for myofibroblasts in hair regrowth in alopecia areata?
Alopecia areata and autoimmunity: a clinical study.
Two cases of alopecia areata responsive to fexofenadine.
308-nm excimer laser for the treatment of alopecia areata.
The R620W polymorphism in PTPN22 confers general susceptibility for the development of alopecia areata.
Efficacy of combination therapy for the management regime of Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: topical immunotherapy treatment with diphencyprone.
Alopecia areata in children.
A case of widespread non-pigmented hair regrowth in diffuse alopecia areata.
Pulse corticosteroid therapy for alopecia areata: study of 139 patients.
Vitamin D receptor gene polymorphisms are not associated with alopecia areata.
Dry dermoscopy in clinical treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: genetic complexity underlies clinical heterogeneity.
Lymphocytes, neuropeptides, and genes involved in alopecia areata.
Atopy and alopecia areata in North Indians.
Alopecia areata.
Stress in patients with alopecia areata and vitiligo.
Atopy and alopecia areata in North Indians.
Dexamethasone pulse therapy for extensive alopecia areata: to use or not to use.
Nail changes in alopecia areata: incidence and pattern.
Alopecia areata--pattern in industrial city of Baroda.
Dermatisis herpetiformis and alopecia areata. A rare association in two sisters.
Extensive alopecia areata treated with betamethasone oral mini-pulse therapy: an open uncontrolled study.
Colocalisation of alopecia areata and lichen planus.
Human leukocyte antigen class II alleles are associated with risk of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata universalis and acute lymphoblastic leukemia.
Is there a role for sulfasalazine in the treatment of alopecia areata?
Loss-of-function mutations in the filaggrin gene and alopecia areata: strong risk factor for a severe course of disease in patients comorbid for atopic disease.
Lack of response of alopecia areata to pimecrolimus cream.
Changes in distribution pattern of CD8 lymphocytes in the scalp in alopecia areata during treatment with diphencyprone.
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in a rhesus monkey (Macaca mulatta).
[Alopecia areata onset and stressful life events: a pilot study].
Clues from alopecia areata on the role of neuropeptides in the initiation of autoimmunity.
Serum chemokine profiles in patients with alopecia areata.
Does hair prevent acne? Insights from alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata by topical diclofenac sodium gel in comparison to benzoyl peroxide. A novel single blind therapeutic clinical trial.
Prevalence of childhood acne, ephelides, warts, atopic dermatitis, psoriasis, alopecia areata and keloid in Kaohsiung County, Taiwan: a community-based clinical survey.
[Videomicroscopy in alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata with sulfasalazine.
Alopecia areata, primary sclerosing cholangitis, and ulcerative colitis: autoimmunity and apoptosis as common links?
Alopecia areata in the Indian subcontinent.
Combination of topical garlic gel and betamethasone valerate cream in the treatment of localized alopecia areata: a double-blind randomized controlled study.
Periocular pigmentation associated with use of travoprost for the treatment of alopecia areata of the eyelashes.
A case series of alopecia areata in children: impact of personal and family history of stress and autoimmunity.
Substance P as an immunomodulatory neuropeptide in a mouse model for autoimmune hair loss (alopecia areata).
Alopecia areata.
An unusual association between scalp psoriasis and ophiasic alopecia areata: the Renbök phenomenon.
Acquired generalised neuromyotonia, cutaneous lupus erythematosus and alopecia areata in a patient with myasthenia gravis.
Genomewide scan for linkage reveals evidence of several susceptibility loci for alopecia areata.
Breast cancer metastasized to the scalp mimicking alopecia areata: Alopecia neoplastica.
Development of alopecia areata universalis in a patient receiving adalimumab.
Alopecia areata during treatment with biologic agents.
HLA haplotypic association with different phenotype of alopecia areata in Chinese Hans.
Serum anti-Fcgamma receptor autoantibodies in patients with alopecia areata.
Investigation of the functional variant c.-169T &gt; C of the Fc receptor-like 3 (FCRL3) gene in alopecia areata.
Diphenylcyclopropenone treatment of alopecia areata induces apoptosis of perifollicular lymphocytes.
Twice weekly 5 mg betamethasone oral pulse therapy in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Efficacy and safety of a new clobetasol propionate 0.05% foam in alopecia areata: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial.
Association of HLA haplotype with alopecia areata in Chinese Hans.
Case of co-morbidity of alopecia areata and pityriasis lichenoides in a five year old boy for two years.
Trichotillomania or alopecia areata?
[Alopecia areata caused by extreme solar abuse].
Alopecia areata associated with basal cell carcinoma developing within a naevus sebaceus.
In vivo levels of IL-4, IL-10, TGF-beta1 and IFN-gamma mRNA of the peripheral blood mononuclear cells in patients with alopecia areata in comparison to those in patients with atopic dermatitis.
Serum levels of total immunoglobulin e in patients with alopecia areata: relationship with clinical type of the disease.
Topical immunotherapy with diphenylcyclopropenone in the treatment of chronic extensive alopecia areata.
Profile of 513 patients with alopecia areata: associations of disease subtypes with atopy, autoimmune disease and positive family history.
Determination of the sildenafil effect on alopecia areata in childhood: An open-pilot comparison study.
Inosiplex for treatment of alopecia areata: a randomized placebo-controlled study.
Investigation of the HLA-DRB1 locus in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata with comorbid depression: early resolution with combined paroxetine-triamcinolone treatment.
Interferon-gamma-deficient mice are resistant to the development of alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata partim universalis with efalizumab.
Alopecia areata: a long term follow-up study of 191 patients.
Treatment of therapy-resistant Alopecia areata with fumaric acid esters.
Quantitative morphometric analysis of hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Failure of two TNF-alpha blockers to influence the course of alopecia areata.
Hypnotherapeutic management of alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata by topical diclofenac sodium gel in comparison to benzoyl peroxide gel. A novel single blind therapeutic clinical trial.
The non-synonymous C1858T substitution in the PTPN22 gene is associated with susceptibility to the severe forms of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: pathogenesis and potential for therapy.
Immunotherapy of alopecia areata with intralesional Candida antigen.
Earlier occurrence of severe alopecia areata in HLA-DRB1*11-positive patients.
Investigation of the p.Ser278Arg polymorphism of the autoimmune regulator (AIRE) gene in alopecia areata.
Immunoreactivity of corticotropin-releasing hormone, adrenocorticotropic hormone and alpha-melanocyte-stimulating hormone in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata and alexithymia].
Pernicious anemia associated with autoimmune hemolytic anemia and alopecia areata.
A comparison of the efficacy, relapse rate and side effects among three modalities of systemic corticosteroid therapy for alopecia areata.
Isolated eyebrow and eyelash trichotillomania mimicking alopecia areata.
Cephalalgic alopecia areata: a syndrome of neuralgiform head pain and hair loss responsive to botulinum A toxin injection.
A chronic contact eczema impedes migration of antigen-presenting cells in alopecia areata.
Effects of psoralen-UV-A-Turban in alopecia areata.
Use of the pulsed infrared diode laser (904 nm) in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Efficacy and safety of the topical sensitizer squaric acid dibutyl ester in Alopecia areata and factors influencing the outcome.
Fexofenadine, an H1-receptor antagonist, partially but rapidly inhibits the itch of contact dermatitis induced by diphenylcyclopropenone in patients with alopecia areata.
Two novel molecular mechanisms to account for the therapeutic efficacy of contact dermatitis against alopecia areata.
Familial aggregation of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with regression of cutaneous melanoma.
Successful hair transplant of eyebrow alopecia areata.
[Reappearance of alopecia areata in a coeliac patient during an unintentional challenge with gluten].
These is no relationship between hepatitis C virus and alopecia areata.
Analysis of the monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 -2518 promoter polymorphism in Korean patients with alopecia areata.
The epidemiology of childhood alopecia areata in China: a study of 226 patients.
Major histocompatibility complex class I chain-related gene A polymorphisms and extended haplotypes are associated with familial alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in Darier disease and clinical findings in five affected family members.
Alopecia areata masquerading as frontal fibrosing alopecia.
Treatment of alopecia areata with anti-interferon-gamma antibodies.
The functional relevance of the type 1 cytokines IFN-gamma and IL-2 in alopecia areata of C3H/HeJ mice.
Neurotrophins in autoimmune diseases: possible implications for alopecia areata.
Search for susceptibility genes in alopecia areata.
Phenotypic analysis of T-cells in extensive alopecia areata scalp suggests partial tolerance.
Oral administration of cyclosporin A in patients with severe alopecia areata.
Alefacept for alopecia areata.
Association between alopecia areata and HLA Class I and II in Turkey.
Comparison of azelaic acid and anthralin for the therapy of patchy alopecia areata: a pilot study.
Alopecia areata: a tissue specific autoimmune disease of the hair follicle.
Is oral pulsed prednisolone useful in alopecia areata? Critical appraisal of a randomized trial.
Lack of efficacy of topical latanoprost in the treatment of eyebrow alopecia areata.
Reduced expression of interleukin-2 decreases the frequency of alopecia areata onset in C3H/HeJ mice.
The association between nuchal nevus flammeus and alopecia areata: a case-control study.
[Alopecia areata in animal models--new insights into pathogenesis and treatment of a T cell-mediated autoimmune disorder].
Alopecia areata in Down syndrome: a clinical evaluation.
Evaluation of the profile of alopecia areata and the prevalence of thyroid function test abnormalities and serum autoantibodies in Iranian patients.
Alopecia areata presenting in 2 kidney-pancreas transplant recipients taking cyclosporine.
Alopecia areata: what to expect from current treatments.
Alopecia areata treatment with a phototoxic dose of UVA and topical 8-methoxypsoralen.
Historical diagnostic and treatment. Alopecia areata.
[Interferon-gamma and neopterin in alopecia areata].
Prolonged dermatitis distant to the site of squaric acid dibutyl ester applications and recovery of alopecia areata.
Severe and unresponsive HIV-associated alopecia areata successfully treated with thalidomide.
Alopecia areata and multifocal bone involvement in a young adult with Hodgkin's disease.
What can we learn from animal models of Alopecia areata?
Recurrence of alopecia areata in a patient receiving etanercept injections.
[Excimer laser therapy of alopecia areata--side-by-side evaluation of a representative area].
Myasthenia gravis accompanied by alopecia areata: clinical and immunogenetic aspects.
In vitro cytokine profile in childhood alopecia areata and the immunomodulatory effects of AS-101.
Thyroid autoimmunity in children and adolescents with alopecia areata.
Profiling of alopecia areata autoantigens based on protein microarray technology.
The expression of cutaneous lymphocyte-associated antigen (CLA) in alopecia areata.
Etanercept does not effectively treat moderate to severe alopecia areata: an open-label study.
Topical immunotherapy of severe alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone (DPCP): experience in an Iranian population.
Evaluation of lipid peroxidation, oxidant/antioxidant status, and serum nitric oxide levels in alopecia areata.
Topical immunomodulator therapy with squaric acid dibutylester (SADBE) is effective treatment for severe alopecia areata (AA): results of an open-label, paired-comparison, clinical trial.
[Alopecia areata universalis and disseminated mollusca contagiosa in atopic dermatitis. Hair re-growth during treatment with interferon gamma--therapeutic effect or coincidence?].
Alopecia areata: the need for guidelines and evidence-based dermatology.
Alopecia areata: a specific personality?
Topical immunotherapy with diphencyprone in the treatment of extensive and/or long-lasting alopecia areata.
Transfer of CD8(+) cells induces localized hair loss whereas CD4(+)/CD25(-) cells promote systemic alopecia areata and CD4(+)/CD25(+) cells blockade disease onset in the C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Two cases of alopecia areata associated with Takayasu arteritis.
Promoter region polymorphism of macrophage migration inhibitory factor is strong risk factor for young onset of extensive alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with idiopathic primary hypophysitis.
Alopecia areata universalis sparing nevus flammeus.
Congenital alopecia areata.
Placebo-controlled oral pulse prednisolone therapy in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in infants: is it uncommon?
Alopecia areata induced in C3H/HeJ mice by interferon-gamma: evidence for loss of immune privilege.
Concepts of patients with alopecia areata about their disease.
Topical tacrolimus in alopecia areata.
Interleukin-16 in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: autoimmune basis of hair loss.
Alopecia areata of eyelashes: a subset of alopecia areata.
308-nm excimer laser therapy in alopecia areata.
Postoperative alopecia areata: is pressure-induced ischemia the only cause to blame?
[Alopecia areata and treatment].
Autoantibodies to DFS70/LEDGF are increased in alopecia areata patients.
Apoptosis resistance in peripheral blood lymphocytes of alopecia areata patients.
Topical sensitizers in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata induced by adjuvant treatment with alpha-interferon in malignant melanoma?
Interleukin-2 receptor alpha-chain expression in patients with alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata in the DEBR model using Cyclosporin A lipid vesicles.
Alopecia areata investigational assessment guidelines--Part II. National Alopecia Areata Foundation.
Alopecia areata in a patient using infliximab: new insights into the role of tumor necrosis factor on human hair follicles.
Helping patients cope with chronic alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata with lymphocytic mural folliculitis affecting the isthmus in a thoroughbred mare.
Age dependence of diphenylcyclopropenone sensitization in patients with alopecia areata.
Systemic steroids in the treatment of alopecia areata.
The genetic epidemiology of alopecia areata in China.
Lack of association between Vitamin D receptor FokI polymorphism and alopecia areata.
Serum antibodies against human intracisternal A-type particle (HIAP) endogenous retrovirus in Alopecia areata patients: a hallmark of autoimmune disease?
Adult-onset Alopecia areata is a complex polygenic trait in the C3H/HeJ mouse model.
Alopecia areata: current state of knowledge.
Mycophenolate mofetil in extensive Alopecia areata: no effect in seven patients.
The progressive state, in contrast to the stable or regressive state of alopecia areata, is reflected in peripheral blood mononuclear cells.
Proceedings and abstracts of the 4th International Research Workshop on Alopecia Areata. Washington, DC, USA, October 31-November 2, 2002.
Histopathological pictures of the initial changes of the hair bulbs in alopecia areata.
Topical 5-fluorouracil is ineffective in the treatment of extensive alopecia areata.
Expression of vascular endothelial growth factor, apoptosis inhibitors (survivin and p16) and CCL27 in alopecia areata before and after diphencyprone treatment: an immunohistochemical study.
Mosaic hair regrowth pattern of ophiasis and androgenic alopecia in a patient with alopecia areata totalis.
The role of psychological factors in alopecia areata and the impact of the disease on the quality of life.
[Alopecia areata and pulse methylprednisolone therapy].
An immunologic mechanism for the therapeutic efficacy of minoxidil in alopecia areata.
Simultaneous onset of chronic graft versus host disease and alopecia areata following allogeneic haematopoietic cell transplantation.
[Alopecia areata and occipital angioma: fortuitous association or predictive factor?].
Restoration of hair growth in mice with an alopecia areata-like disease using topical anthralin.
Chronic delayed-type hypersensitivity reaction as a means to treat alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with the 308-nm xenon chloride excimer laser: case report of two successful treatments with the excimer laser.
Interferon-gamma in alopecia areata.
Autoimmunity: alopecia areata.
Pseudo alopecia areata caused by skull-caps with metal pin fasteners used by Orthodox Jews in Israel.
Diphenylcyclopropenone (diphencyprone, DPCP) in the treatment of chronic severe alopecia areata (AA).
Roles of stress, stress perception and trait-anxiety in the onset and course of alopecia areata.
Hypothesis: Superoxide scavengers or superoxide dismutase may potentiate the therapeutic efficacy of contact dermatitis against alopecia areata.
Serotonin in alopecia areata: an enzyme immunoassay study.
Histopathologic features of alopecia areata: a new look.
Failure of prolonged extracorporeal photopheresis in the treatment of alopecia areata universalis in two patients.
[Pathogenetic substantiation of sinusoidal modulated currents phoresis of drugs in children with various forms of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation from an affected, human leukocyte antigen-matched sibling.
Restoration of hair growth with topical diphencyprone in mouse and rat models of alopecia areata.
A natural canine homologue of alopecia areata in humans.
Selective expression of chemokine monokine induced by interferon-gamma in alopecia areata.
Guidelines for the management of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice involves leukocyte-mediated root sheath disruption in advance of overt hair loss.
How close are we to solving the puzzle? Review of the Alopecia Areata Research Workshop David Norris.
Alopecia areata registry: an overview.
The new biologics in psoriasis: possible treatments for alopecia areata.
Old wine in new bottles: reviving old therapies for alopecia areata using rodent models.
Therapy of alopecia areata: on the cusp and in the future.
Genetic linkage studies in alopecia areata.
Neurotrophins and their role in pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata susceptibility in rodent models.
Mouse alopecia areata models: an array of data on mechanisms and genetics.
Alopecia areata: autoimmunity--the evidence is compelling.
Acute diffuse and total alopecia of the female scalp: a new subtype of diffuse alopecia areata that has a favorable prognosis--a reply.
Linear polarized infrared irradiation using Super Lizer is an effective treatment for multiple-type alopecia areata.
Psychosomatic factors in first-onset alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata. Clinical aspects, pathogenesis and rational therapy of a T-cell-induced autoimmune disease].
Decreased CGRP staining in alopecia areata.
Fas-deficient C3.MRL-Tnfrsf6(lpr) mice and Fas ligand-deficient C3H/HeJ-Tnfsf6(gld) mice are relatively resistant to the induction of alopecia areata by grafting of alopecia areata-affected skin from C3H/HeJ mice.
Cytokines and signal transduction pathways mediated by anthralin in alopecia areata-affected Dundee experimental balding rats.
Alopecia areata: treatment of today and tomorrow.
The pathogenesis of alopecia areata in rodent models.
Topical nitrogen mustard in the treatment of alopecia areata: a bilateral comparison study.
Dermatoglyphics in patients with eczema, psoriasis and alopecia areata.
Nitric oxide donors as potential additions to anti-alopecia areata armamentarium.
Alopecia areata and relapsing polychondritis or mosaic autoimmunity? The first experience of co-trimoxazole treatment.
[Alopecia areata in a mixed breed 9-year-old English setter].
Efficacy of betamethasone valerate foam formulation in comparison with betamethasone dipropionate lotion in the treatment of mild-to-moderate alopecia areata: a multicenter, prospective, randomized, controlled, investigator-blinded trial.
[Differential alopecia areata diagnosis. Looking for clues im sparse scalp hair].
Alopecia areata: psychiatric comorbidity and adjustment to illness.
PUVA treatment of alopecia areata totalis and universalis: a retrospective study.
[Intravenous pulse methylprednisolone therapy for severe alopecia areata: an open study of 66 patients].
Cutaneous latanoprost in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Major locus on mouse chromosome 17 and minor locus on chromosome 9 are linked with alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
Alopecia areata: clinical perspective and an insight into pathogenesis.
Transfer of alopecia areata in the human scalp graft/Prkdc(scid) (SCID) mouse system is characterized by a TH1 response.
Dietary soy oil content and soy-derived phytoestrogen genistein increase resistance to alopecia areata onset in C3H/HeJ mice.
Strong expression of CD40, CD54 and HLA-DR antigen and lack of evidence for direct cellular cytotoxicity are unique immunohistopathological features in alopecia areata.
The potential efficacy of thalidomide in the treatment of recalcitrant alopecia areata.
Topical mechlorethamine restores autoimmune-arrested follicular activity in mice with an alopecia areata-like disease by targeting infiltrated lymphocytes.
Coeliac disease and alopecia areata in childhood.
Turner's syndrome associated with psoriasis and alopecia areata.
Notch4, a non-HLA gene in the MHC is strongly associated with the most severe form of alopecia areata.
Role of the autoimmune regulator (AIRE) gene in alopecia areata: strong association of a potentially functional AIRE polymorphism with alopecia universalis.
Myasthenia gravis with diffuse alopecia areata and pemphigus foliaceus.
Recurring chemotherapy-associated alopecia areata: case report and literature review.
Resistance to alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice is associated with increased expression of regulatory cytokines and a failure to recruit CD4+ and CD8+ cells.
Borderline tuberculoid leprosy and alopecia areata involving scalp.
The protective role of the HLA-DR locus in patients with various clinical types of alopecia areata.
The pattern and profile of alopecia areata in Singapore--a study of 219 Asians.
Acute diffuse and total alopecia of the female scalp. A new subtype of diffuse alopecia areata that has a favorable prognosis.
Thyroid function, autoantibodies, and HLA tissue typing in children with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in children: a clinical profile.
Seventeen cases of alopecia areata: combination of SADBE topical immunotherapy with other therapies.
Idiopathic CD4+ T lymphocytopenia associated with disseminated flat warts and alopecia areata.
Is topical tacrolimus effective in alopecia areata universalis?
Interleukin-10-deficient mice are less susceptible to the induction of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata during interferon alpha-2b/ribavirin therapy.
[Dyspnea, alopecia areata, protrusio bulbi. Which systemic disease is responsible?].
Disappearance of pili annulati following an episode of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata of the eyelashes.
Occupational alopecia or alopecia areata?
Cyclosporin A and alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata: update on therapy].
A clinical study of childhood alopecia areata in Singapore.
JMM--past and present. Invited commentary on A. Blaschko: alopecia areata and trichorrhexis.
Gene array profiling and immunomodulation studies define a cell-mediated immune response underlying the pathogenesis of alopecia areata in a mouse model and humans.
Alopecia areata - animal models.
Epidemiology and genetics of alopecia areata.
Effect of two consecutive earthquakes on outbreaks of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis treated with leflunomide.
Langerhans cells that express matrix metalloproteinase 9 increase in human dermis during sensitization to diphenylcyclopropenone in patients with alopecia areata.
Unsuccessful treatment of alopecia areata universalis with extracorporeal photopheresis.
Alopecia areata of dental origin.
Onion juice (Allium cepa L.), a new topical treatment for alopecia areata.
Analysis of the expression of cutaneous lymphocyte-associated antigen on the peripheral blood and cutaneous lymphocytes of alopecia areata patients.
Systemic immunotherapy with topical dinitrochlorobenzene as additional treatment of alopecia areata.
Lupus panniculitis clinically simulating alopecia areata.
Diphencyprone immunotherapy alters anti-hair follicle antibody status in patients with alopecia areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with diphencyprone].
[Endocrinological disorders in association with alopecia areata-a 27 patients study].
[Alopecia areata].
Antioxidant enzymes and lipid peroxidation in the scalp of patients with alopecia areata.
Mediation of alopecia areata by cooperation between CD4+ and CD8+ T lymphocytes: transfer to human scalp explants on Prkdc(scid) mice.
Transient CD44 variant isoform expression and reduction in CD4(+)/CD25(+) regulatory T cells in C3H/HeJ mice with alopecia areata.
High-dose steroid pulse therapy for the treatment of severe alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy with squaric acid dibutylester: unusual hair pigmentary changes in two cases of alopecia areata.
[Is alopecia areata an autoimmune disease?].
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis and alopecia areata as cutaneous expressions of autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type I.
Alopecia areata: past perceptions.
Alopecia areata in infants and newborns.
HLA class II alleles in patients with alopecia areata.
[Etiology and pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
Persistent depigmented regrowth after alopecia areata.
Sulfasalazine for alopecia areata.
Melanocyte-associated T cell epitopes can function as autoantigens for transfer of alopecia areata to human scalp explants on Prkdc(scid) mice.
Increased macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) in the sera of patients with extensive alopecia areata.
Interleukin-1 receptor antagonist allele 2 and familial alopecia areata.
Genetic analysis of the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist and its homologue IL-1L1 in alopecia areata: strong severity association and possible gene interaction.
What is your Diagnosis? Alopecia areata of the eyelashes.
Diphencyprone for the treatment of alopecia areata: more data and new aspects.
Alopecia areata: topical immunotherapy--application and practical problems.
No increased prevalence of Helicobacter pylori in patients with alopecia areata.
Therapeutic approach to alopecia areata.
Is alopecia areata an autoimmune disease?
Paroxetine in alopecia areata.
Melanocyte and gonad activity as potential severity modifying factors in C3H/HeJ mouse alopecia areata.
Association analysis of IL1A and IL1B variants in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata. Pathogenesis, diagnosis, and therapy.
[Alopecia areata. Only an inflammation can still help].
Predictive model for immunotherapy of alopecia areata with diphencyprone.
Alopecia areata and affected skin CRH receptor upregulation induced by acute emotional stress.
Evidence-based treatment of alopecia areata.
Impaired responses of peripheral blood mononuclear cells to T-cell stimulants in alopecia areata patients with a poor response to topical immunotherapy.
Treatment of alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice with the topical immunosuppressant FK506 (Tacrolimus).
Squaric acid dibutylester: indications for use and efficacy in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata universalis in an infant.
[The role of cell-mediated immune response in pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
The genetics of alopecia areata.
High-dose pulse corticosteroid therapy in the treatment of severe alopecia areata.
High-dose pulse corticosteroid therapy: is it indicated for severe alopecia areata?
Current and potential agents for the treatment of alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata: management strategy].
[Is alopecia areata a psychosomatic disease?].
Treatments for androgenetic alopecia and alopecia areata: current options and future prospects.
Functional analysis of the stratum corneum of scalp skin: studies in patients with alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia.
Role of cytomegalovirus replication in alopecia areata pathogenesis.
The PUVA-turban as a new option of applying a dilute psoralen solution selectively to the scalp of patients with alopecia areata.
Genetic susceptibility and severity of alopecia areata in human and animal models.
Expression of neuropeptide-degrading enzymes in alopecia areata: an immunohistochemical study.
Alopecia areata occurring in sisters after administration of rifampicin.
The use of topical diphenylcyclopropenone for the treatment of extensive alopecia areata.
Genetics of alopecia areata.
Celiac disease and alopecia areata in a child with Down's syndrome.
Topical photodynamic therapy with 5-aminolaevulinic acid does not induce hair regrowth in patients with extensive alopecia areata.
Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial in the treatment of alopecia areata with 0.25% desoximetasone cream.
Treatment with an anti-CD44v10-specific antibody inhibits the onset of alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
Normalisation of hair follicle morphology in C3H/HeJ alopecia areata mice after treatment with squaric acid dibutylester.
HLA in alopecia areata.
Renbök phenomenon in alopecia areata.
Structure and polymorphism of the human gene for the interferon-induced p78 protein (MX1): evidence of association with alopecia areata in the Down syndrome region.
Multi-injection plate for intralesional corticosteroid treatment of patchy alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata. A clinical overview.
DPCP for the treatment of alopecia areata.
Migratory poliosis: A forme fruste of alopecia areata?
Alopecia areata and coeliac disease: no effect of a gluten-free diet on hair growth.
Alopecia areata update.
Ocular alterations in alopecia areata.
Clinical evolution of alopecia areata with a male androgenetic alopecia pattern to sisaipho.
Alopecia areata-like hair loss in C3H/HeJ mice and DEBR rats can be reversed using topical diphencyprone.
The potential role of cytokines and T cells in alopecia areata.
T cell repertoire in mice with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in families: association with the HLA locus.
The genetic basis of alopecia areata: HLA associations with patchy alopecia areata versus alopecia totalis and alopecia universalis.
Alopecia areata and universalis in the Smyth chicken model for spontaneous autoimmune vitiligo.
Alopecia areata is a T-lymphocyte mediated autoimmune disease: lesional human T-lymphocytes transfer alopecia areata to human skin grafts on SCID mice.
Spontaneous alopecia areata-like hair loss in one congenic and seven inbred laboratory mouse strains.
Summary of the Third International Research Workshop on Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata totalis/universalis and systemic corticosteroids.
Alopecia areata: identification and current treatment approaches.
Characterization of infiltrating T cells in human scalp explants from alopecia areata to SCID nude mice: possible role of the disappearance of CD8+ T lymphocytes in the process of hair regrowth.
Eosinophils in fibrous tracts and near hair bulbs: A helpful diagnostic feature of alopecia areata.
Congenital alopecia areata: another case.
Topical tacrolimus: treatment failure in a patient with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata with features of loose anagen hair.
Role of cytotoxic T cells in chronic alopecia areata.
Temporary hair loss simulating alopecia areata after endovascular surgery of cerebral arteriovenous malformations: a report of 3 cases.
[Comment on the continuing education article by R. Hoffmann and R. Happle &quot;Alopecia areata&quot;. Position of the Psychosomatic Dermatology Professional Circle of German Dermatology Society].
Colocalization of alopecia areata and vitiligo.
Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and alopecia areata.
Antinuclear and antithyroid antibodies in 68 Japanese patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata, stress and psychiatric disorders: a review.
Alopecia areata: an autoimmune disease?
Twice weekly 5 mg dexamethasone oral pulse in the treatment of extensive alopecia areata.
Zinc aspartate, biotin, and clobetasol propionate in the treatment of alopecia areata in childhood.
Alopecia areata induced by interferon alpha?
Multifocal alopecia areata during systemic cyclosporine A therapy.
Multivariate analysis in alopecia areata: risk factors and validity of clinical forms.
Partial response of severe alopecia areata to cyclosporine A.
Alopecia areata versus juvenile alopecia in C3H/HeJ mice: tools to dissect the role of inflammation in focal alopecia.
Practical management of alopecia areata and outlook for the future.
Bilateral keratoconus associated with Hashimoto's disease, alopecia areata and atopic keratoconjunctivitis.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata-like hair loss with the contact sensitizer squaric acid dibutylester (SADBE) in C3H/HeJ mice.
Evaluation of thyroid function in north Indians with alopecia areata: response to intravenous injection of 100 micrograms thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH).
Quantitative image analysis of hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: diagnosis and management.
[Alopecia areata. Part 2: Therapy].
Randomized trial of aromatherapy: successful treatment for alopecia areata.
Partial restoration of hair growth in the DEBR model for Alopecia areata after in vivo depletion of CD4+ T cells.
Third International Research Workshop on Alopecia Areata.
Topical immunotherapy with diphencyprone in Indians with alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata. 1: Clinical aspects, etiology, pathogenesis].
Diagnosis: alopecia areata or not?
Contribution of interleukin 1beta and KM loci to alopecia areata.
Pronounced perifollicular lymphocytic infiltrates in alopecia areata are associated with poor treatment response to diphencyprone.
Chemical peeling with phenol : For the treatment of stable vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Simultaneous onset of alopecia areata and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura: A potential association?
Diffuse alopecia with stem cell folliculitis: chronic diffuse alopecia areata or a distinct entity?
Alopecia areata investigational assessment guidelines. National Alopecia Areata Foundation.
Severe urticarial reaction to diphenylcyclopropenone therapy for alopecia areata.
Depression and suicidal ideation in dermatology patients with acne, alopecia areata, atopic dermatitis and psoriasis.
Equine alopecia areata autoantibodies target multiple hair follicle antigens and may alter hair growth. A preliminary study.
Randomized trial of aromatherapy. Successful treatment for alopecia areata.
PUVA treatment for alopecia areata. Experience in a Turkish population.
Efficacy of topical sensitizers in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Experimental induction of alopecia areata-like hair loss in C3H/HeJ mice using full-thickness skin grafts.
Pulse methylprednisolone therapy for severe alopecia areata: an open prospective study of 45 patients.
Alopecia areata has low plasma levels of the vasodilator/immunomodulator calcitonin gene-related peptide.
Severe alopecia areata treated with systemic corticosteroids.
Dermatography as a new treatment for alopecia areata of the eyebrows.
Targetoid hair regrowth in alopecia areata: the wave theory.
Ophiasis inversus: a rare pattern of alopecia areata.
Treatment of widespread alopecia areata in young patients with monthly oral corticosteroid pulse.
Pili annulati coincident with alopecia areata.
Failure of gluten-free diet in celiac disease-associated alopecia areata.
Desideratum dermatologica--wanted: a dependable and safe means to prevent alopecia areata progression to the totalis/universalis state.
Topical immunotherapy of severe alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone: evaluation of 68 cases.
Transient leucoderma appearing in an untreated area following contact immunotherapy for alopecia areata.
Comparison of alopecia areata in human and nonhuman mammalian species.
Murine cytomegalovirus is not associated with alopecia areata in C3H/HeJ mice.
Scalp metastases mimicking alopecia areata. First case report of placental site trophoblastic tumor presenting as cutaneous metastasis.
[Thymopentin in alopecia areata].
Reappraisal of Ikeda's classification of alopecia areata: analysis of 356 cases from Chandigarh, India.
Estrogen and progesterone receptors in androgenic alopecia versus alopecia areata.
Nail changes in 1000 Indian patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and cytomegalovirus infection in twins: genes versus environment?
Alopecia areata associated with myasthenia gravis and thymoma: a case of alopecia with marked improvement following thymectomy and high level prednisolone administration.
Myasthenia gravis and alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata: diagnostic and therapeutic approach].
Autoimmune hair loss (alopecia areata) transferred by T lymphocytes to human scalp explants on SCID mice.
No evidence of cytomegalovirus DNA in alopecia areata.
Topical FK506: a potent immunotherapy for alopecia areata? Studies using the Dundee experimental bald rat model.
An unusual case of alopecia areata of dental origin.
Alopecia areata in a ten-week-old baby.
Autoantibodies to hair follicles in C3H/HeJ mice with alopecia areata-like hair loss.
Morphological analysis of hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Stress and alopecia areata: a psychodermatologic study.
Eosinophils in fibrous tracts and near hair bulbs: a helpful diagnostic feature of alopecia areata.
Lesional alopecia areata T lymphocytes downregulate epithelial cell proliferation.
Serological screening for coeliac disease in vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Children with alopecia areata: psychiatric symptomatology and life events.
Topical tretinoin as an adjunctive therapy with intralesional triamcinolone acetonide for alopecia areata. Clinical experience in northern Saudi Arabia.
Prognostic factors for clinical response of alopecia areata to topical immunotherapy with squaric acid dibutylester.
Possible involvement of neuropeptidergic sensory nerves in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata heralding cytomegalovirus reactivation in AIDS.
Alopecia areata but not androgenetic alopecia is characterized by a restricted and oligoclonal T-cell receptor-repertoire among infiltrating lymphocytes.
Myasthenia gravis and alopecia areata.
New treatments for alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata and its treatment].
Congenital alopecia areata.
Pulse steroid therapy for children's severe alopecia areata?
[Contact thermometry of lesions in alopecia areata].
Regrowth of alopecia areata simulating the pattern of androgenetic alopecia.
Hair follicle structures targeted by antibodies in patients with alopecia areata.
Systemic cyclosporine and low-dose prednisone in the treatment of chronic severe alopecia areata: a clinical and immunopathologic evaluation.
Alopecia areata in a patient with Turner's syndrome.
Effects of interleukins, colony-stimulating factor and tumour necrosis factor on human hair follicle growth in vitro: a possible role for interleukin-1 and tumour necrosis factor-alpha in alopecia areata.
Minimal benefit from photochemotherapy for alopecia areata.
Comparative efficacy of topical anthralin and intralesional triamcinolone in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Topical squaric acid dibutylester therapy for alopecia areata: a double-sided patient-controlled study.
Cytokines in alopecia areata: contrasting cytokine profiles in localized form and extensive form (alopecia universalis).
A flowcytometric study of CD4+ &amp; CD19+ cell lymphopenia in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in a renal transplant recipient on cyclosporin.
Psychiatric diagnoses in children with alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata. What, how, and why?
Treatment of alopecia areata.
Heritable factors distinguish two types of alopecia areata.
Genetic control of cytokines. Cytokine gene polymorphisms in alopecia areata.
The pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in children: treatment with diphencyprone.
Sisaipho: a new form of presentation of alopecia areata.
A clinical study of childhood alopecia areata in Chandigarh, India.
No correlation between cytomegalovirus and alopecia areata.
In vivo depletion of CD8+ T cells restores hair growth in the DEBR model for alopecia areata.
Ultrastructural abnormalities in the dermal papillae of both lesional and clinically normal follicles from alopecia areata scalps.
[Psychic factors in case histories of patients with alopecia areata--preliminary report].
Trichotillomania in connection with alopecia areata.
Occurrence of alopecia areata in a patient receiving systemic cyclosporine A.
Alopecia areata in identical twins.
Colocalization of alopecia areata and lichen planus.
Topical diphencyprone for alopecia areata: evaluation of 48 cases after 30 months' follow-up.
[Therapy of alopecia areata in atopy].
Alopecia areata and xerosis in down's syndrome.
Cytokines and growth factors influence hair growth in vitro. Possible implications for the pathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata.
Clinical-epidemiologic study of alopecia areata.
Pulsed administration of corticosteroids in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Detection of antibodies to human melanoma cells in vitiligo and alopecia areata by Western blot analysis.
Significance of cytokine patterns in alopecia areata before and after therapeutic allergic contact dermatitis.
Alopecia areata: Prognostic factors.
Acquired eyelash trichomegaly and alopecia areata in a human immunodeficiency virus-infected patient.
Treatment of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester.
Alopecia areata: immunohistochemistry and ultrastructure of infiltrate and identification of adhesion molecule receptors.
Profile of alopecia areata in Northern India.
Topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata: anamnestic and clinical criteria of prognostic significance.
[How far should treatment of severe alopecia areata be managed?].
The DEBR rat, alopecia areata and autoantibodies to the hair follicle.
Growth factor mRNA levels in alopecia areata before and after treatment with the contact allergen diphenylcyclopropenone.
PUVA treatment of alopecia areata partialis, totalis and universalis: audit of 10 years' experience at St John's Institute of Dermatology.
Alopecia areata and xerosis in Down's syndrome.
Alopecia areata in Korea (1982-1994).
HLA class II antigen associations help to define two types of alopecia areata.
Tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) gene polymorphism in alopecia areata.
Celiac disease and alopecia areata: report of a new association.
A study of immunoglobulins and complements (C3 &amp; C4) in alopecia areata.
Concurrent appearance of alopecia areata in siblings.
Antismooth muscle and antiparietal cell antibodies in Indians with alopecia areata.
Dapsone versus topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata.
Incidence of alopecia areata in Olmsted County, Minnesota, 1975 through 1989.
Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica (Bazex syndrome) associated with primary cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma of the lower leg, vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and presence of cytomegalovirus DNA.
Association of alopecia areata, vitiligo and pemphigus vulgaris.
Alopecia areata arising in patients receiving cyclosporin immunosuppression.
Cytokines and dermal papilla function in alopecia areata.
Immunologic cytotoxicity in alopecia areata: apoptosis of dermal papilla cells in alopecia areata.
Is the dermal papilla a primary target in alopecia areata?
Analysis of HLA-D locus alleles in alopecia areata patients and families.
HLA class II alleles in long-standing alopecia totalis/alopecia universalis and long-standing patchy alopecia areata differentiate these two clinical groups.
Treatment of severe alopecia areata with topical diphenylcyclopropenone and 5% minoxidil: a clinical and immunopathologic evaluation.
Topical immunotherapy in children with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in humans and other mammalian species.
Glucocorticoid regulation of hair growth in alopecia areata.
A molecular approach to alopecia areata.
Is trachyonychia, a variety of alopecia areata, limited to the nails?
Histopathology of alopecia areata in horizontal sections of scalp biopsies.
Role of the thymus gland in alopecia areata.
No cell-surface-reactive antibodies against cultured autologous melanocytes found in alopecia areata sera.
T-cell receptor repertoire V beta in alopecia areata.
C3H/HeJ mouse model for alopecia areata.
An allele of the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist as a genetic severity factor in alopecia areata.
Immunity to hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Abnormalities in the ultrastructure of melanocytes and the outer root sheath of clinically normal hair follicles from alopecia areata scalps.
2nd International Research Workshop on Alopecia Areata. Bethesda, Maryland, November 7-8, 1994.
Alopecia areata in a patient with pili annulati.
A case of myasthenia gravis accompanied by invasive thymoma, alopecia areata and dry mouth.
Structure and function of cutaneous nerves in alopecia areata.
Cytokine patterns in alopecia areata before and after topical immunotherapy.
Iron status of patients with alopecia areata.
Vitiligo and alopecia areata in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection.
Oral cyclosporin A restores hair growth in the DEBR rat model for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in childhood.
Normal sweat secretion rate in patients with alopecia areata.
[Immunostimulation therapy in patients with alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata--an autoimmune disorder?].
A study of peripheral T-Lymphocytes in alopecia areata.
[Testing the significance of psychic factors in the etiology of alopecia areata. II. Examination of personality by means of Eysenck's Personality Inventory (MPI) adapted by Choynowski].
Alopecia areata in a patient with candidiasis-endocrinopathy syndrome: unsuccessful treatment trial with diphenylcyclopropenone.
[Examination of the significance of psychological factors in the etiology of alopecia areata. I. Examining Type A behavior].
Alopecia areata and increased prevalence of psychiatric disorders.
Human leukocyte antigen-DQB1*03 alleles are associated with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata responding to immunoglobulin, with varying response to different preparations.
Cytokine mRNA levels in Alopecia areata before and after treatment with the contact allergen diphenylcyclopropenone.
Intralesional triamcinolone acetonide in alopecia areata amongst 62 Saudi Arabs.
Severity of alopecia areata is associated with a polymorphism in the interleukin-1 receptor antagonist gene.
Prevalence of thyroid diseases in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with haloperidol.
Evidence for a complement-mediated inhibition and an antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity of dermal fibroblasts in alopecia areata.
Increased risk for type I (insulin-dependent) diabetes in relatives of patients with alopecia areata (AA).
The aetiology and pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
A case study: massage, relaxation, and reward for treatment of alopecia areata.
Prevalence of nail abnormalities in children with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in aging C3H/HeJ mice.
CD44 expression in alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia.
Antibodies to hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata. A pathological study of nonresponder patients.
Immunohistological study of the development of the cellular infiltrate in the pelage follicles of the DEBR model for alopecia areata.
Colocalization of vitiligo and alopecia areata.
Treatment of severe alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester in pediatric patients.
Alopecia areata occurring in a patient receiving systemic cyclosporin A.
Capillary electrophoretic profiling of rat hair: a tool for alopecia areata diagnosis.
Alopecia neoplastica simulating alopecia areata and antedating the detection of primary breast carcinoma.
A study of the tissue iron status of patients with alopecia areata.
Imipramine in alopecia areata. A double-blind, placebo-controlled study.
[Madarosis and alopecia areata of eyelashes].
Cytokeratin expression in alopecia areata hair follicles.
Changes in populations of HLA-DR+CD3+ cells and CD57-CD16+ cells in alopecia areata after corticosteroid therapy.
Treatment of chronic severe alopecia areata with topical diphenylcyclopropenone and 5% minoxidil: a clinical and immunopathologic evaluation.
Is alopecia areata an autoimmune-response against melanogenesis-related proteins, exposed by abnormal MHC class I expression in the anagen hair bulb?
[Alopecia areata and diffuse hypotrichosis associated with Ullrich-Turner syndrome. Presentation of 4 patients].
Treatment of alopecia areata with khellin and UVA.
HLA and ICAM-1 expression in alopecia areata in vivo and in vitro: the role of cytokines.
The trichogram as a prognostic tool in alopecia areata.
PUVA treatment for alopecia areata--does it work? A retrospective review of 102 cases.
Topical immunotherapy of alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy in the treatment of chronic severe alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata, topical minoxidil, and balanced reviews.
Three cases of alopecia areata induced by zotepine.
Twenty-nail dystrophy due to lichen planus in a patient with alopecia areata.
[Association of alopecia areata and variable hypogammaglobulinemia. Physiopathogenic implications].
Response of grafts from patients with alopecia areata transplanted onto nude mice, to administration of interferon-gamma.
Alopecia areata. Update on therapy.
Pulse of methylprednisolone in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata associated with Legionnaires' disease.
Peripheral blood lymphocyte populations and phagocytic functions in patients with active alopecia areata.
Therapy of alopecia areata with diphencyprone.
Follicular mucinosis in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata. A review of therapy, efficacy, safety, and mechanism.
Systemic steroids with or without 2% topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Identical twins with identical alopecia areata.
The genetic risk for alopecia areata in first degree relatives of severely affected patients. An estimate.
Alopecia areata. Autoreactive T cells are variably enriched in scalp lesions relative to peripheral blood.
Can alopecia areata be triggered by emotional stress? An uncontrolled evaluation of 178 patients with extensive hair loss.
Topical minoxidil in alopecia areata: no effect on the perifollicular lymphoid infiltration.
Prevalence of alopecia areata in the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey.
[Narcolepsy and alopecia areata: a new association?].
Alopecia areata and moral judgment in the history of art.
[A validation of the pathogenetic treatment of alopecia areata].
Profile of alopecia areata: a questionnaire analysis of patient and family.
Incidence of alopecia areata in lupus erythematosus.
Expression of T6 antigen on keratinocytes in alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Guidelines of care for alopecia areata.
Failure of passive transfer of serum from patients with alopecia areata and alopecia universalis to inhibit hair growth in transplants of human scalp skin grafted on to nude mice.
Advances in alopecia areata and androgenetic alopecia.
Nuchal nevus flammeus in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and interleukin-2 receptor.
Oral cyclosporin and alopecia areata.
Topical immunotherapy for alopecia areata: re-evaluation of 139 cases after an additional follow-up period of 19 months.
Simultaneously occurring alopecia areata and Hodgkin's lymphoma: complete remission of both diseases with MOPP/ABV chemotherapy.
Red lunulae in severe alopecia areata.
Abnormal expression of Ki-67 antigen in hair follicle of alopecia areata.
Three distinct patterns of cell degeneration in acute alopecia areata.
Transient defects in cortical cell differentiation form the exclamation-mark shaft in acute alopecia areata.
Evidence for a subclinical state of alopecia areata.
The ultrastructure of the dermal papilla-epithelial junction in normal and alopecia areata hair follicles.
Effect of superficial hypothermic cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen on alopecia areata.
Differential effects of FK 506 and cyclosporine on hair regrowth in the DEBR model of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and associated diseases in Saudi patients.
Alopecia areata.
Non-ionizing radiation exposure causing ill-health and alopecia areata.
HLA associations with alopecia areata.
Trachyonychia associated with alopecia areata: a clinical and pathologic study.
The DEBR rat: an animal model of human alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in children: response to treatment with diphencyprone.
Decreased sweat-gland number and function in patients with alopecia areata.
Cell degeneration in alopecia areata. An ultrastructural study.
Hypnotherapy for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and topical sensitizers: allergic response is necessary but irritation is not.
Epidemiological evidence of the association between lichen planus and two immune-related diseases. Alopecia areata and ulcerative colitis. Gruppo Italiano Studi Epidemiologici in Dermatologia.
Summary of alopecia areata research workshop and future research directions.
The DEBR rat model for alopecia areata.
Autoreactive cells in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: an immunologic disease?
Topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: current therapy.
Alopecia areata: clinical aspects.
Alopecia areata. A workshop. Bethesda, Maryland, October 25-26, 1990.
Increased HLA-DR+ T-lymphocyte population in peripheral blood of alopecia areata.
Lifetime prevalence of psychiatric disorders in patients with alopecia areata.
[Sulfones in alopecia areata].
Immunohistologic and ultrastructural comparison of the dermal papilla and hair follicle bulb from &quot;active&quot; and &quot;normal&quot; areas of alopecia areata.
Aberrant intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression by hair-follicle epithelial cells and endothelial leukocyte adhesion molecule-1 (ELAM-1) by vascular cells are important adhesion-molecule alterations in alopecia areata.
Isoprinosine treatment of alopecia areata.
Simultaneous development of insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and alopecia areata universalis.
Alopecia syphilitica, a simulator of alopecia areata: histopathology and differential diagnosis.
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Prognostic factors in the treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata using the contact allergen diphencyprone.
Topical immunotherapy with contact allergens in alopecia areata: evidence for non-specific systemic suppression of cellular immune reactions.
Dinitrochlorobenzene therapy in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata. Causes and possibilities of therapy].
The role of plasminogen activators in alopecia areata.
Expression of tenascin in perifollicular connective tissue: comparison of normal scalp and alopecia areata.
DNA polymorphism of HLA class II genes in alopecia areata.
HLA-D locus associations in alopecia areata. DRw52a may confer disease resistance.
Expression of extracellular matrix in hair follicle mesenchyme in alopecia areata.
[Diagnosis and therapy of alopecia areata].
Ultrastructural study of exclamation-mark hair shafts in alopecia areata.
[Significance of HLA-DR+ T cells and natural killer (NK) cells in the peripheral blood lymphocytes of alopecia areata (AA)].
Abnormalities in structure and function of the thyroid gland in patients with alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with acupuncture.
[Alopecia areata--clinical and immunological characteristics].
Familial alopecia areata: no linkage with HLA.
[Alopecia areata universalis in Werlhof disease].
Mosaic hair color changes in alopecia areata.
Ultrastructural observations on the hair bulb melanocytes and melanosomes in acute alopecia areata.
Trial of intralesional interferon alfa in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Treatment-resistant alopecia areata. Response to combination therapy with minoxidil plus anthralin.
[Endodontic treatment in the therapy of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata treated with diphencyprone: is an allergic response necessary?
Alopecia areata.
Role of topical immunotherapy in the treatment of alopecia areata. Quality analysis of articles published between January 1977 and January 1988 about three treatments. Reading Group.
[Alopecia areata is an idiopathic disorder in which there is a rapidly developing loss of hair that usually begins on the scalp].
HLA-DP antigens in patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata. Pathogenesis and topical immunotherapy.
Oral cyclosporine for the treatment of alopecia areata. A clinical and immunohistochemical analysis.
[Selective changes in lymphocytic differentiation antigens in the peripheral blood of patients with alopecia areata treated with oral zinc].
Alopecia areata: more on topical sensitizers.
Photochemotherapy plus squaric acid dibutylester in alopecia areata treatment.
[The value of serologic inflammatory parameters in the diagnosis of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata as a potential adverse effect of orthodontic appliances: a case report.
Alopecia areata including the cilia and brows of two sisters.
The effects of DNCB therapy on the T-cell subsets of the cases with alopecia areata.
Juvenile versus maturity-onset alopecia areata--a comparative retrospective clinical study.
[Treatment of alopecia areata of the eyebrow with diphenylcyclopropenone and its possible risks].
Seasonal alopecia areata with atopy.
[Abnormalities of structure and function of the thyroid in patients with alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata; pathogenesis and topical immunotherapy].
[Alopecia areata: appropriateness of various laboratory parameters].
[Correlation of activated T cells and natural killer (NK) cells with the disease activity of alopecia areata (AA)].
[Onset of the effect in treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone].
[Increase in Leu7- Leu11+ cells in the peripheral blood lymphocytes of patients with alopecia areata].
Km1 allotype association with one subgroup of alopecia areata.
[Electron microscopy of blood vessels in alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata: current therapy.
Nickel sulphate in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Extensive alopecia areata. Results of treatment with 3% topical minoxidil.
[Alopecia areata in a woman with marked hypoandrogenism].
[The significance of lymphocytic differentiation antigens in the diagnosis and therapy of alopecia areata].
[Control beliefs and patient compliance: an empirical study exemplified by adolescents with diabetes mellitus, bronchial asthma and alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata and bisalbuminaemia (a casual coincidence).
Scanning electron microscopy comparing exclamation mark hairs in alopecia areata with normal hair fibres, mechanically broken by traction.
Nuchal nevus flammeus and alopecia areata.
Nuchal nevi flammei and alopecia areata.
[HLA antigens in alopecia areata].
Thymopentin in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: more on pathogenesis and therapy.
[The treatment of alopecia areata with sinusoidal modulated currents].
Topical cyclosporin A in alopecia areata.
[Pigmentation abnormalities in the course of topical immunotherapy of alopecia areata].
Two-color flow cytometry analysis in alopecia areata.
[Increase in natural killer cells in the peripheral blood lymphocytes in patients with alopecia areata].
Thyroid evaluation in alopecia areata in children.
[Personality test in patients with alopecia areata. Preliminary results].
[In situ lymphocyte subpopulation in alopecia areata after treatment with squaric acid dibutyl ester].
[Sensitization therapy in severe alopecia areata].
[Possible immunopathogenetic role of mastocytes in alopecia areata].
[Histologic aspects of dystrophy of the 20 nails associated with alopecia areata].
Tinea Capitis on Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata (pelade) in a cow.
[HLA-DR antigens and alopecia areata].
[Use of topical mechlorethamine solution--a new, immunologic approach in the treatment of alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata: review and presentation of some clinical cases].
Diphencyprone in the treatment of long-standing alopecia areata.
Western blot analysis of serum antibody reactivity with human melanoma cell antigens in alopecia areata and vitiligo.
[Quantitative and functional study of peripheral lymphocytes in patients with alopecia areata].
Treatment of severe alopecia areata by topical applications of cyclosporine: comparative trial versus placebo in 43 patients.
Cyclosporine A in the treatment of severe alopecia areata.
3 percent topical minoxidil compared with placebo for the treatment of chronic severe alopecia areata.
[Type IV immunity in alopecia areata in a comparison of 2 test methods].
Unusual complication of sensitizing therapy for alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata. Hemorheological study and treatment with pentoxifylline].
[Alopecia areata in children].
[New aspects of alopecia areata].
Natural killer cell and cytotoxic/suppressor T cell deficiency in peripheral blood in subjects with alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata and thyroid diseases].
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphencyprone.
[Increase in the activated (HLA-DR+) T-cells in the peripheral blood lymphocyte of patients with alopecia areata].
[Therapy of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone].
Symposium on alopecia areata.
Proliferation of eccrine sweat ducts associated with alopecia areata.
HLA-DR expression by hair follicle keratinocytes in alopecia areata: evidence that it is secondary to the lymphoid infiltration.
Lens changes in alopecia areata.
Patterns of hair regrowth in alopecia areata.
HLA-DR and HLA-DQ antigen expression of anagen and telogen hair bulbs in long-standing alopecia areata.
Decreased in vitro lymphocyte stimulation and reduced sensitivity to IL-2 in patients with alopecia areata.
[Bioelectric activity of the cerebral cortex in patients with alopecia areata].
[Function of the immune system in patients with alopecia areata].
Nuchal nevus flammeus as a skin marker of prognosis in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata during lithium therapy. A case report.
Thymopentin in the treatment of severe alopecia areata.
[The opiate system of the brain in patients with alopecia areata].
[Autoimmunity in alopecia areata. An assessment in 100 patients].
Nail changes in alopecia areata: light and electron microscopy.
Response to minoxidil in severe alopecia areata correlates with T lymphocyte stimulation.
Topical hematoporphyrin plus UVA for treatment of alopecia areata.
[Controlled study of the efficacy of topical immunotherapy in alopecia areata: squaric acid versus placebo].
Alopecia areata and measles.
Evaluation of oral minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Evaluation of anthralin in the treatment of alopecia areata.
[Minor complaints in family medicine; alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata in children].
Natural history of severe alopecia areata.
[Value of pathologic thyroid gland findings in alopecia areata].
Therapy versus placebo for alopecia areata.
The treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata symposium.
Treatment of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester.
Alopecia areata and homolateral headache due to an impacted superior wisdom tooth.
In situ lymphocyte subsets in alopecia areata before and during treatment with a contact allergen.
Alopecia areata, endocrine function, and autoantibodies in patients 16 years of age or younger.
Alopecia areata.
[Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata: dose-dependent response].
Association of Alopecia Areata, Morphoea Scalp and Pseudopelade.
Study of peripheral T-cell subpopulations and lymphocyte proliferation in different phases of evolution of alopecia areata.
Abnormal expression of class I and class II major histocompatibility antigens in alopecia areata: modulation by topical immunotherapy.
[Association of lichen ruber planus, alopecia areata and vitiligo].
[Alopecia areata associated with onychodystrophy, vitiligo and lichen ruber planus].
[Erythrocyte filterability in alopecia areata].
[Psychosomatics of alopecia areata: apropos of 43 cases].
Squaric acid dibutylester in alopecia areata: is discomfort really necessary?
Imipramine-induced alopecia areata-like lesions.
Corroborative evidence that alopecia areata involves the epidermis and the sebaceous glands.
[Alopecia areata, clinical and immunological aspects].
Potential mechanisms of minoxidil-induced hair growth in alopecia areata.
Rogaine (topical minoxidil, 2%) in the management of male pattern baldness and alopecia areata. Proceedings of a symposium. Palm Beach, FL, May 17, 1986.
Topical minoxidil solution (1% and 5%) in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Topical minoxidil (3%) in extensive alopecia areata, including long-term efficacy.
Double-blind, placebo-controlled evaluation of topical minoxidil in extensive alopecia areata.
[Methods of treating alopecia areata].
Topical cyclosporine in alopecia areata.
Topical minoxidil. A preliminary review of its pharmacodynamic properties and therapeutic efficacy in alopecia areata and alopecia androgenetica.
Hair growth in scalp grafts from patients with alopecia areata and alopecia universalis grafted onto nude mice.
Topical minoxidil in extensive alopecia areata, including 3-year follow-up.
[Treatment of severe alopecia areata with topical applications of cyclosporin A].
[Topical therapy of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutyl ester].
[Study of the proliferation of keratinocytes in patients with alopecia areata using the flow cytofluorometry technic].
[Physiopathology and treatment of alopecia areata].
Human leukocyte antigen region involvement in the genetic predisposition to alopecia areata.
[Sympathetic innervation of the skin in alopecia areata].
Immunohistochemical characterization of the cellular infiltrate in severe alopecia areata before and after minoxidil treatment.
Alopecia areata incognita: a hypothesis.
Topical cyclosporin in alopecia areata and nickel contact dermatitis.
Placebo-controlled trial of topical cyclosporin in severe alopecia areata.
Markers of immunologic injury in progressive alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
A rare case of numerous oral hairs in a 13-year-old boy with alopecia areata.
Therapies versus placebo in the treatment of patchy alopecia areata.
[Class I alloantigens in alopecia areata].
[Zinc determination in alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata. A clinical, immunologic and therapeutic study in a childhood population].
[Medicinal plants in the combined treatment of patients with alopecia areata].
Retinal pigment epithelium function in alopecia areata.
Squaric acid esters in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata and male-pattern alopecia.
Social and psychological implications of alopecia areata.
Alopecia Areata and Discoid Lupus Erythematosus in a Patient with Vitiligo.
Topical Minoxidil For the Treatment of Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata: alterations in the hair growth cycle and correlation with the follicular pathology.
[Current theories on the etiopathogenesis of alopecia areata].
Topical minoxidil dose-response effect in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and the acquired-immunodeficiency-syndrome-related complex.
[Anxiety structure and catecholamine parameters in patients with rosacea, alopecia areata and lichen ruber planus].
Behaviour-associated alopecia areata in mice.
[Enzyme activity of the plasma neutrophilic leukocytes in alopecia areata patients].
[Minoxidil in the local treatment of alopecia areata and of androgenous alopecia].
[Lymphocyte subpopulations in alopecia areata].
Cyclosporin-A-induced hair growth in human renal allograft recipients and alopecia areata.
HLA-DR antigens in alopecia areata. Preliminary report.
HLA-DR4 in alopecia areata.
[HLA antigens of patients with alopecia areata].
[Immunologic stimulation in the therapy of alopecia areata].
[Hormonal status and emotional characteristics of patients with alopecia areata].
Topical immunotherapy changes the composition of the peribulbar infiltrate in alopecia areata.
Immunohistological evaluation of alopecia areata treated with squaric acid dibutylester (SADBE).
Topical immunotherapy of alopecia areata. A follow-up study.
Circulating lymphocyte subsets in patients with alopecia areata.
A trial of 1% minoxidil used topically for severe alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in a dog.
Expression of HLA-DR by anagen hair follicles in alopecia areata.
[Study of the percutaneous absorption and collateral effects of minoxidil in alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata with topical nitrogen mustard.
Leukonychia punctata and pitted nails in alopecia areata.
Anthralin therapy for alopecia areata.
[Squaric acid dibutyl ester and diphencyprone in the therapy of alopecia areata].
[Adrenal reserve in patients with alopecia areata].
[Erythrocyte filtration in alopecia areata].
[Detection of antibodies by indirect immunofluorescence in patients with alopecia areata].
Dermatoglyphics in alopecia areata.
[Therapy of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with topical dinitrochlorobenzene. Results and follow-up].
[Alopecia areata and treatment with the diethylester of squaric acid. Behavior of lymphocyte subpopulations].
[Nail changes and alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata and pemphigus foliaceus.
Squaric acid dibutylester treatment of alopecia areata.
Topical minoxidil lacks efficacy in alopecia areata.
Nickel sensitivity as a complication of squaric acid dibutylester treatment of alopecia areata.
Topical photochemotherapy for alopecia areata.
[20 nail dystrophy, alopecia areata, lichen planus].
Treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphencyprone.
[Microcirculation in alopecia areata. A study using the erythrocytic filtration method].
[Complex treatment of patients with alopecia areata].
Ocular abnormalities occurring with alopecia areata.
Increased number of OKT6-positive dendritic cells in the hair follicles of patients with alopecia areata.
Peripheral T-cell subsets in patients with alopecia areata in different clinical phases.
Immunological aspects of psoriasis and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Squaric acid dibutyl ester in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Clinical and immunologic response to Isoprinosine in alopecia areata and alopecia universalis: association with autoantibodies.
Haemorheological parameters in alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with diphenylcyclopropenone.
Familial alopecia areata--genetic susceptibility or coincidence?
Tissue-specific autoantibodies and autoimmune disorders in vitiligo and alopecia areata: a retrospective study.
Alopecia areata after epidural morphine.
Alopecia areata: a heterogeneous disease.
Simultaneous alopecia areata in two siblings.
'Coudability': a new physical sign of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: pathogenesis and treatment.
Alopecia areata: a heterogeneous disease?
[Zinc and copper metabolism in patients with alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata profiting from 'natural' allergy to nickel.
Expression of HLA-DR in hair follicles in alopecia areata.
Autoantibodies in alopecia areata.
T cell subpopulations in alopecia areata.
Immunohistochemical and electron microscopic characterization of the cellular infiltrate in alopecia (areata, totalis, and universalis).
Alopecia areata--an autoimmune disease?
Treatment of alopecia areata with three different PUVA modalities.
[Clinical and electron microscopy study of alopecia areata].
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata treated with topical minoxidil.
Alopecia areata in an area of hair transplantation.
Gm allotype associated resistance and susceptibility to alopecia areata.
Successful treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzene in a patient with Down's syndrome.
Familial alopecia areata. HLA antigens and autoantibody formation in an American family.
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
[Dinitrochlorobenzene in the therapy of alopecia areata. Our clinical experience].
Topical therapy of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester.
Subcutaneous blood flow in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: light and electron microscopic pathology of the regrowing white hair.
Immunological profiles in alopecia areata.
Increased ratio of helper to suppressor T cells in alopecia areata.
Suppressor cell number and function in alopecia areata.
An evaluation of PUVA-therapy for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: a clinical study.
Life events and alopecia areata.
Intrabulbar and peribulbar accumulation of dendritic OKT 6-positive cells in alopecia areata.
[Zinc therapy of alopecia areata].
[Treatment of severe alopecia areata by local administration of minoxidil].
[Squaric acid dibutyl ester in the treatment of severe alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzene.
Immunohistochemical analysis of T-cell subsets in the peribulbar and intrabulbar infiltrates of alopecia areata.
PUVA treatment of alopecia areata.
[Psychosomatic aspects in patients with alopecia areata, rosacea and lichen ruber planus].
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
[Understanding of patients by the Balint method. 11. A case of alopecia areata: extension of the care].
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Malassezia (Pityrosporum) folliculitis occurring with granuloma annulare and alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata in children].
[Symptom questionnaire and alopecia areata].
[Use of diadynamic currents in alopecia areata].
[Evaluation of the therapeutic effect of DNBC-induced contact dermatitis in alopecia areata].
[Anxiety pattern in patients with alopecia areata, rosacea and lichen planus].
[Various personality characteristics in patients with alopecia areata, rosacea and lichen planus].
[Anxiety as a state and anxiety as a personality trait in patients with alopecia areata, rosacea and lichen ruber planus].
[Pathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata].
[Primary hypogammaglobulinemia and alopecia areata].
Photochemotherapy and alopecia areata.
Is alopecia areata psychosomatic ?
[Alopecia areata: a psychosomatic disease? Role of life events].
Alopecia. I. Alopecia areata.
Trichotillomania associated with alopecia areata.
Clinical experience on the treatment of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutyl ester.
[Clinical and immunological study of alopecia areata].
T lymphocyte subpopulations in alopecia areata and psoriasis: identification with monoclonal antibodies and Fc receptors.
Diphencyprone in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata treated with tropical minoxidil.
Topical squaric acid dibutylester therapy for alopecia areata.
The correlation between inducer/suppressor ratios, generation of concanavalin A-activated suppressor cells, and mitogen-stimulated proliferation of peripheral blood lymphocytes in patients with alopecia areata and normal controls.
[Comparative morphometric study of the sebaceous and sweat glands in alopecia areata, chronic diffuse and seborrheic baldness].
[Alopecia areata and its supportive treatment possibility with Plenosol].
Ocular and testicular abnormalities in alopecia areata.
Dinitrochlorobenzene treatment of alopecia areata.
[Stressful events and alopecia areata].
Clinico-histological study of alopecia areata.
The graying phenomenon: an unusual manifestation of alopecia areata.
[Pathomorphological studies in alopecia areata].
[Toxoplasmosis as a possible cause of alopecia areata].
Light therapy for alopecia areata.
Unusual response to DNCB contact sensitivity in an atopic patient with alopecia areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata totalis and maligna with Solvezink (author's transl)].
Retinitis pigmentosa associated with hearing loss, thyroid disease, vitiligo, and alopecia areata: retinitis pigmentosa and vitiligo.
In situ demonstration of T cells in alopecia areata.
Suppressor cell decrease in alopecia areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzene].
[Liquid nitrogen treatment of alopecia areata].
Red nails associated with alopecia areata.
Response of alopecia areata to DNCB: influence of auto-antibodies and route of sensitization.
Alopecia areata and auto-immunity.
Topical minoxidil in alopecia areata.
Immunologic studies in patients with alopecia areata.
Decreased lymphocyte reactivity and auto-immunity in alopecia areata.
HLA and alopecia areata in Jerusalem.
[Functional state of nonspecific brain structures in alopecia areata].
Topical treatment of alopecia areata.
[Lymphocytes in alopecia areata].
[Electron microscopic study of skin biopsies in alopecia areata].
[T and B lymphocytes in DNCB-treated alopecia areata (author's transl)].
Unsuccessful treatment of alopecia areata with dapsone.
Treatment of alopecia areata.
Pressure-potential alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata regrowth induced by Primula obconica.
[Disappointing results with dinitrochlorobenzene in alopecia areata (author's transl)].
[Alopecia areata studied by fluorescence and immunofluorescence microscopy methods].
Dermatoglyphics in Ichthyosis and Alopecia Areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata by immunostimulation with dinitrochlorobenzene].
Cell-mediated immunity in alopecia areata.
T cell subpopulations and their functions in vitro. A study in patients with alopecia areata and alopecia universalis.
Immunofluorescence studies on complement components in the hair follicles of normal scalp and of scalp affected by alopecia areata.
Blood lymphocyte subpopulations and antibody dependent, cell-mediated cytotoxicity (ADCC) in alopecia areata and universalis.
A study of HLA antigens and immune response to DNCB in alopecia areata.
[Use of zinc preparations in children with disseminated forms of alopecia areata].
[Pathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata (author's transl)].
[Dinitrochlorobenzene treatment of alopecia areata].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with zinc sulfate].
[Allergological reactivity in alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
[Immunological study of alopecia areata].
Elastic properties of scalp hair in alopecia areata.
Systematic desensitization as a component for treatment of alopecia areata: a case study.
[Alopecia areata in diabetes].
The spotted lunula. A neglected nail sign associated with alopecia areata.
Twenty-nail dystrophy of alopecia areata.
Immunohistology and autoantibody studies in alopecia areata.
PUVA treatment for alopecia areata.
Contact allergy as a therapeutic tool for alopecia areata: application of squaric acid dibutylester.
[DNCB therapy for alopecia areata (author's transl)].
Immunopathological studies on alopecia areata.
Antigenic competition as a therapeutic concept for alopecia areata.
Photochemotherapy for alopecia areata.
Immunofluorescent studies of complement C3 in the hair follicles of normal scalp and of scalp affected by alopecia areata.
[Immunohistological study of alopecia areata (author's transl)].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzol (DNCB)].
Direct immunofluorescence studies in alopecia areata and male pattern alopecia.
Immunotherapy of alopecia areata.
[Suggestion for dinitrochlorobenzene treatment of alopecia areata].
[Pointer for DNCB therapy in alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata by anthralin-induced dermatitis.
[Topical treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzol (DNCB)].
[Capillaroscopic pattern of ungual folds of the fingers in alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata treated with DNCB.
[High-dose glucocorticoid therapy of total alopecia areata].
Synchronous alopecia areata in two siblings: a possible viral aetiology.
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus generalisata, alopecia areata, and polymyalgia rheumatica found in the same patient.
[Deposits of complement C3 in the hair follicle of normal scalp and alopecia areata (author's transl)].
[Contribution to the DNCB therapy of alopecia areata].
[DNCB therapy of alopecia areata].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with D.N.C.B. (author's transl)].
Dinitrochlorbenzene in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata.
Polyneuropathy, alopecia areata, and chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis.
The emotional disturbance underlying alopecia areata, alopecia totalis and trichotillomania.
Coincidence of vitiligo, alopecia areata, onychodystrophy, localized scleroderma and lichen planus.
Immunological studies in patients with alopecia areata.
Immunoglobulins in alopecia areata.
Dinitrochlorobenzene in alopecia areata.
[The histodynamic of alopecia areata in the dependence on the griseofulvin-induced epithelial proliferation (author's transl)].
[Zinc sulfate in the treatment of alopecia areata].
Hair color and alopecia areata.
Dinitrochlorobenzene therapy for alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: immunofluorescence and other studies.
[Familial alopecia areata].
PUVA-therapy for alopecia areata. An investigative study.
The most common type of fractured hair in alopecia areata in children: another cause of &quot;black dot disease&quot;.
Diabetes mellitus presenting with alopecia areata totalis.
Treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzene.
[Alopecia areata and trisomy 21. About 2 cases (author's transl)].
[Experience in treating alopecia areata].
Evidence for defective T cell function in patients with alopecia areata.
Long-term intramuscular triamcinolon-acetonide therapy in alopecia areata totalis and universalis.
[Pathogenesis and therapy of different forms of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata and atopy [proceedings].
[A case of alopecia areata as a consequence of a focal infection].
Adrenal steroid-genetic activity in subjects with alopecia totalis or subtotalis diffuse alopecia and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and regrowth of hair.
Systemic steroids for treatment of alopecia areata.
HLA antigens in alopecia areata.
HLA-B12 in alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata: successful half-side treatment with DNCB].
Induction of hair growth in alopecia areata with D.N.C.B.
Prednisone therapy for alopecia areata.
[Psychosomatic aspects of alopecia areata and lichen].
Alopecia areata and vitiligo associated with Down's syndrome.
[Changes of blood serum glycoproteins in patients with diverse forms of alopecia areata].
[Role of psychosomatic changes in the pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
Topical halcinonide in alopecia areata and in alopecia totalis.
Diseases sometimes associated with psoriasis. II. Alopecia areata.
[Complex treatment of patients with different forms of alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata with DNCB--an immunostimulation?
[Treatment of alopecia areata with vitamin A acid].
[Sulfone therapy in alopecia areata].
Prednisone therapy for alopecia areata. A follow-up report.
[Alopecia areata].
Perinevoid alopecia. An unusual variety of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and Down syndrome.
Complement component profiles in urticaria, dermatitis herpetiformis, and alopecia areata.
[Letter: Treatment of alopecia areata].
[Is alopecia areata an autoimmune disease?].
Magnesium content of the hair in alopecia areata atopica.
EEG findings, rapid ACTH test and autonomic nervous symptoms in patients with alopecia areata.
[Topical treatment of alopecia areata].
Letter: Autoantibodies in alopecia areata.
Smooth muscle antibodies and alopecia areata.
Letter: Circular regrowth in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata, autoimmunity, and Down's syndrome.
Alopecia areata.
Cellular activity in the dermis surrounding the hair bulb in alopecia areata.
Large doses of glucocorticoid in the treatment of alopecia areata.
[Review of physiology and physiopathology of hair growth in children. II. Physiopathology of hair growth, alopecia areata and some genetically conditioned hair anomalies].
[Alopecia areata and EEG-changes].
[Alopecia areata of the vertex in children].
[Experience in treating alopecia areata with galenicals of Bidens triparta].
Fingerprint arches in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata, vitiligo, scleroderma and ulcerative colitis.
Alopecia areata and mongolism.
[Local therapy of severe forms of alopecia areata with corticosteroid ointments].
[Incidence of nailplate lesions in alopecia areata].
Ulcerative colitis, myasthenia gravis, atypical lichen planus, alopecia areata, vitiligo.
Thymoma, acquired hypogammaglobulinaemia, lichen planus, alopecia areata.
Psoriasis and alopecia areata in the same patient.
[Results of thyroid function tests in alopecia areata].
Letter: Triangular hair patch as sign of alopecia areata.
[Treatment of patients with alopecia areata with steroid hormones in combination with some antimalarials].
[Treatment of severe forms of alopecia areata by means of intralesional subcutaneous injections of hydrocortisone acetate suspension].
[Dermatoglyphics in alopecia areata].
Steroid solution treatment of alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata. Immunologic studies and treatment with prednisone.
[Complex treatment of patients with severe forms of alopecia areata by using the corticosteroid and anabolic hormones].
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis and alopecia areata.
Intralesional treatment of alopecia areata with triamcinolone acetonide by jet injector.
Treatment of alopecia areata with steroid solution.
[Pathogenesis of severe forms of alopecia areata].
[Furalen in the treatment of alopecia areata and vitiligo].
[Basal cell carcinomas of the hairy head simulating &quot;alopecia areata&quot;].
[Pili annulati, alopecia areata and diabetes].
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis, endocrine deficiency and alopecia areata.
[Penicillin in the treatment of alopecia areata].
[Therapeutic effectiveness of pyrogenal in alopecia areata and total alopecia].
Alopecia areata.
[Intense alopecia areata with nail dystrophy].
[Etiology, pathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata].
Epidemic alopecia areata. An outbreak in an industrial setting.
[Alopecia areata, its therapy and results of some biochemical tests].
A comparison of intra-lesional triamcinolone hexacetonide and triamcinolone acetonide in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata hairs: a scanning electron microscope study.
[Results obtained in the treatment of alopecia areata with local infiltrations of paramethasone acetate].
[Electrophysiological aspects of alopecia areata].
[Total alopecia areata. Personality study and attempted psychotherapy].
[Topical treatment of alopecia areata--a double blind test using 0.025 per cent and 1.2 per cent fluocinolone acetonide cream].
[The histopathology of alopecia areata. With special reference to the duration, location and progession of hair loss].
[Alopecia areata and diseases of the thyroid gland].
Alopecia neoplastica. Hair loss resembling alopecia areata caused by metastatic breast cancer.
[Are there any connections between sensory innervation of the head and location of the alopecia areata foci?].
[Histopathology of alopecia areata].
[Number of mast cells (MC) in Alopecia areata].
[Gindarin in the therapy of neurodermatitis and alopecia areata].
[Psychosomatic alopecia areata].
[General treatment of alopecia areata].
[Animal experimental sensitization studies on the pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
[Focal effect of diseased deciduous teeth in Alopecia areata].
Assay of 0.2 percent fluocinolone acetonide cream for alopecia areata and totalis. Efficacy and side effects including histologic study of the ensuing localized acneform response.
Alopecia areata in association with intestinal polyposis. The relationship of two syndromes--Gardner's and Cronkhite--Canada.
Alopecia areata, thyroid disease and autoimmunity.
[Alopecia areata associated with craniofacial dysostosis (Crouzon)].
[Treatment of alopecia areata].
[Incidence and significance of degenerative changes in the cervical spine in alopecia areata].
[Familial alopecia areata].
How I treat alopecia areata.
[Effect of cepharanthine on alopecia areata].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with segmental massage].
Comparative study of local treatment of alopecia areata with trial of two additional methods.
Alopecia areata. A follow-up investigation of outpatient material.
[Clinical experience of triamcinolone-acetonide in the treatment for alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
The blood vessels of the scalp in patients with alopecia areata before and after corticosteroid therapy.
Alopecia areata in the very young.
[The clinical course and prognosis in cases of alopecia areata].
Dermatoglyphic and other findings in alopecia areata and psoriasis.
[Current methods of therapy in alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata caused by embolic deportation of a grain of radiogold following insertion into the neck region].
[Can alopecia areata be treated with penicillin. Preliminary report].
[Possible etiopathogenetic relations between alopecia areata and gastroduodenal ulcer].
[On a case of alopecia areata maligna in a patient with retinitis pigmentosa (tapeto-retinal degeneration) and other multiple congenital anomalies].
The pathogenesis of alopecia areata.
[Premature baldness and alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata and atopy].
[Neurologic and rheoencephalographic changes and certain autonomic changes in alopecia areata].
[On the role of some neurohumoral factors in the pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
[Follicular microsporum infections and trichophytoses, which stimulate Alopecia areata &quot;Tinea decalvans&quot;. Personal observations].
[Combined treatment with ointments containing sex hormones and furocoumarines of patients with alopecia areata].
[Therapy of alopecia areata].
[Some autonomic reflexes in patients with alopecia areata, studied during the course of treatment].
Alopecia areata and atopy.
Serum lactate dehydrogenase patterns and arginosuccinic aciduria in ordinary alopecia areata and alopecia diffusa.
Afflictions of a vestigial appendage. II. Inflammatory processes affecting the nail matrix. (trauma, eczema, psoriasis, lichen planus, alopecia areata).
Alopecia areata.
[On the glucocorticoid treatment of alopecia areata decalvans].
[Attempt to evaluate the autonomic nervous system in alopecia areata].
[Psoralen treatment of alopecia areata in children].
[On the etiology and pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
Produced alopecia areata based on the focal infection theory and mental motive theory.
[Quantitative studies of the function of sebaceous glands in alopecia areata].
[On the growth and melanogenesis disorders of the hair in alopecia areata].
[New classification and therapy of alopecia areata, and therapeutic effect of Circuletin. (2)].
[On circulation of the scalp in alopecia areata].
[New classification of alopecia areata and therapeutic effects of Circulatin on the disease].
[Tryptaminuria in alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
[Treatment of patients with alopecia areata and total alopecia by intracutaneous injections of hydrocortisone].
[The dental factor in alopecia areata].
Oral contraceptives and alopecia areata.
[Clinical experience in the treatment of alopecia areata by local injections of Circulatin].
[Comparative histologic studies in alopecia areata and scar-atrophy alopecia].
[The study of thyroid function with I-131 in alopecia areata].
Oral contraceptives and alopecia areata.
[The morphology and histochemistry of alopecia areata].
[Combined treatment of patients with alopecia areata and total alopecia by using corticosteroid drugs orally and topically].
Oral contraceptives and alopecia areata.
[On the corticosteroid therapy of alopecia areata].
[Treatment with peucedanin of patients with alopecia areata and alopecia totalis].
[EXPERIENCE WITH THE USE OF THE D-1 STIMULIN IN THE TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
[Studies on etiology of alopecia areata. 3. From a bacteriological and histological standpoint, and presence of the &quot;medial pad&quot; at the arteriolar forks].
[Studies on etiology of alopecia areata. II. From a constitutional or dispositional standpoint].
[Studies on etiology of alopecia areata. I. From a psychosomatic standpoint].
Corticosteroid metabolism of patients with alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata and cataract.
[Study of the apparently normal scalp in alopecia areata].
[MONGOLISM AND ALOPECIA AREATA].
[ON INTRAFOCAL CORTICOSTEROID THERAPY WITH REMARKS ON ALOPECIA AREATA].
[GROUP INCIDENCE OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
Local estrogen and ultraviolet irradiation in the treatment of total alopecia (areata).
A new classification of alopecia areata.
[BASAL METABOLISM IN 161 CASES OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
[LOCAL STEROID INJECTIONS IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[EXPERIENCE WITH EXTERNAL USE OF SYNESTROL IN THE TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA IN WOMEN].
ALOPECIA AREATA: AN APPARENT RELATIONSHIP TO PSYCHIC FACTORS.
[GENERALIZED DEVELOPMENTAL RETARDATION WITH UNDESCENDED TESTIS, VITILIGO AND ALOPECIA AREATA].
[ALOPECIA AREATA AND MALE PITUITARY HYPOGONADOTROPHIC IMPUBERISM].
[THE CEREBRAL RHEOGRAPHIC PATTERN IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[ON POSTOPERATIVE ALOPECIA AREATA].
[Alopecia areata as a rare complication of chronic tonsillitis].
[CORRELATION OF ANTI-O-STREPTOLYSIN AND ANTIHYALURONIDASE WITH THE COPPER AND ZINC CONTENT IN THE BLOOD OF PATIENTS WITH ALOPECIA AREATA AND VITILIGO].
[ELECTROENCEPHALOGRAPHIC INVESTIGATIONS IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA BY THE INTRADERMAL INJECTION OF BETHANECHOL].
[ROENTGEN THERAPY OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
[ACTION OF THE MAST CELL DEPLETOR 48/80 ON SKIN TEMPERATURE IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[THERAPY OF ALOPECIA AREATA BY MAST CELL DEPLETION].
[REACTIVITY OF THE SCALP TO NEUROHORMONAL SUBSTANCES AND TO BIOLOGICALLY ACTIVE POLYPEPTIDES IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[HISTOCHEMICAL OBSERVATIONS IN VARIOUS CASES OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
ALOPECIA AREATA, A PSYCHOSOMATIC DISORDER.
[EXPERIENCE IN THE USE OF AMMIFURIN AND BEROXAN IN THE TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA].
MALE-TYPE ALOPECIA, ALOPECIA AREATA, AND NORMAL HAIR IN WOMEN; FAMILY HISTORIES.
REACTIONS TO INFUSION OF A HISTAMINE LIBERATOR. EFFECTS OF COMPOUND 48/80 ON EOSINOPHIL AND BASOPHIL LEUKOCYTES IN PATIENTS WITH ATOPIC DERMATITIS, URTICARIA, AND ALOPECIA AREATA.
ALOPECIA AREATA.
[ALOPECIA AREATA AND CORTICOTHERAPY].
[NEW SOVIET DRUGS, AMMIFURIN AND BEROXAN, FOR THE TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA AND VITILIGO].
A CASE OF ALOPECIA AREATA IN AN AFRICAN PATIENT.
[CLINICO-STATISTICAL STUDY OF THE ACTION OF ANTITHYROID PREPARATIONS IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA WITH INTRADERMAL INJECTIONS OF HYDROCORTISONE].
[RELATIVE EFFICACY OF THE &quot;IN LOCO&quot; INJECTION OF DIFFERENT CORTICOIDS IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[TREATMENT OF ALOPECIA AREATA WITH PSYCHOPHARMACA].
[TREATMENT WITH CORTICOSTEROIDS OF ALOPECIA AREATA IN ITS DIFFERENT CLINICAL ASPECTS].
[INNERVATION OF THE PILOSEBACEOUS FOLLICLE IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[EVALUATION OF ENDOCRINE FACTORS IN ALOPECIA AREATA].
[NEW CONTRIBUTION TO THE STUDY OF ALOPECIA AREATA IN SPAIN].
[ALOPECIA AREATA: GRAFTS AND HISTOLOGY].
[ETIOLOGIC RELATIONS BETWEEN ALOPECIA AREATA AND VITILIGO].
ALOPECIA AREATA. AN EVALUATION OF 736 PATIENTS.
CATARACTS IN ALOPECIA AREATA. REPORT OF FIVE CASES.
[Stimulating effect of a synthetic follicle hormone on hair growth in alopecia areata].
ALOPECIA AREATA AND ALOPECIA TOTALIS. EFFECT OF LOCAL COMBINED PSORALENS AND TRIAMCINOLONE UNDER ULTRA VIOLET IRRADIATIONS.
CONGENITAL ALOPECIA AREATA IN A FATHER INHERITED IN HIS SON.
[Meladine therapy of disseminated forms of vitiligo, alopecia areata and universalis].
[Treatment of alopecia areata and alopecia prematura with anabolic steroids].
[Mucinous alopecia with polymorphous symptoms: alopecia areata, patchy parapsoriasis and morpheas].
[Alopecia areata and mental stress. (A statistical study on postwar migration; with a supplement: neurodermatitis)].
[Treatment of alopecia areata and alopecia totalis with local corticosteroid preparations].
[Treatment of alopecia areata].
[Results of treatment of advanced cases of alopecia areata with prednis one].
[Pathophysiological studies on alopecia areata. III. The course of the lesion of alopecia areata and the functions of the autonomic nerves in the lesion].
[Pathophysiological on alopecia areata. II. Functions of autonomic nerves in the lesions of alopecia areata].
[Lupus erythematosus of the scalp with characteristics of alopecia areata].
Triamcinolone suspension in alopecia areata.
[Data on vascular spasm in the pathogenesis of various cases of alopecia areata].
[Pathophysiological studies on alopecia areata. I. The so-called capillary picture in the foci of alopecia areata].
[The results of the treatment of alopecia areata with Millicorten].
Treatment of alopecia areata with Kromayer's ultra-violet lamp.
[Familial alopecia areata].
Nerve network of the hair follicle in alopecia areata.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with subcutaneous hydro-adresone injections].
Abrupt changes in hair morphology following corticosteroid therapy in alopecia areata.
[Insulin subshock therapy of alopecia areata].
[Chromatographical fractionation of urinary neuter 17-ketosteroids in alopecia areata].
[Intradermal injections of microcrystallized prednisolone trimethylacetate in alopecia areata].
Relationship of stress to the development of symptoms in alopecia areata and chronic urticaria.
[On the morphology of the vegetative nervous system in the human skin with studies on neuropathological changes in various skin diseases. Alopecia areata. Part VI].
[Alopecia areata with finding of the mite Dermatophagoides scheremetewskyi (Bogdanow, 1864). (Preliminary communication)].
The treatment of alopecia areata with 3-aminophthal-hydrazide.
[Ocular manifestations during total decalvant alopecia areata].
[Observations on patients with alopecia areata in arctic conditions].
The clinical aspects of alopecia areata, totalis, and universalis.
Evaluation of disturbed hair growth in alopecia areata and other alopecias.
[Gastric polypi and alopecia areata].
[Proliferative activity in the external epithelial sheath of the hair follicles in sites of alopecia areata].
[Clinical essays with the treatment of alopecia areata with ACTH and cortisome].
[Psychic factors in patients of alopecia areata universalis].
Pelade (alopecia areata) and pseudopelade.
[Ancient &amp; new therapeutic directions in alopecia areata].
Noncicatrizing alopecias; with special reference to alopecia areata.
[Growing of hair in alopecia areata &amp; maligna after intracutaneous hydrocortisone injection].
[Alopecia areata-alopecia diffusa traumatica].
[Onychodystrophia with alopecia areata and glossitis].
EMOTIONS and alopecia areata.
[Sudden appearance of white hair &amp; psychic trauma in alopecia areata].
Morphologic changes in pilosebaceous units and anagen hairs in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: pituitary function assessed by assay of pituitary gonadotropin in urine.
Alopecia areata and other common scalp problems.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with iodine &amp; paraffin].
Is alopecia areata psychosomatic? A psychiatric study.
[Alopecia areata with special reference to therapy].
[Treatment of alopecia areata with synthetic estrogens &amp; prednisone].
[Effects of stimulation of the diencephalic-hypophysial region in malignant alopecia areata; therapeutic possibilities].
Alkaline phosphatase in alopecia areata.
The use of cortisone in alopecia areata and totalis.
[Patchy parapsoriasis with alopecia areata].
[Radiotherapy of the sympathetic nervous system in treatment of alopecia areata].
[Further results of psychodiagnostic investigations of alopecia areata].
Treatment of alopecia areata with intradermal injections of thiamine chloride.
Alopecia areata, partialis, and totalis; treatment with cortisone, hydrocortisone and their analogs, prednisone and prednisolone.
Alopecia areata occurring simultaneously in identical twins.
Alopecia areata.
Trichotillomania and alopecia areata; psychocutaneous factors.
[Alopecia Areata].
Alopecia areata due to syphilis.
[Further results on psychodiagnostic findings on alopecia areata].
[Behavior of periodic birefractional structures of hair in alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata; statistical and therapeutic observations].
The effect of cortisone in alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata, a psychiatric survey.
[Psychological factors in etiology and pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
[Radiographic imaging in alopecia areata: study in 92 cases].
[The treatment of alopecia areata and of dyshidrotic eczema with milk protein bound vitamin D 2].
[Alopecia areata; benign lymphocytic reticulosis].
[Etiopathogenesis of alopecia areata].
[Indentations of the nails and their familiar frequency in alopecia areata].
A new approach to the local treatment of alopecia areata.
Treatment of alopecia areata with ammoidin-ammidin solution; preliminary report.
Prognosis of alopecia areata.
[Etiology and pathogenesis of alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata].
[Etiology of alopecia areata].
[Grenz ray therapy of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
[Alopecia areata in uniovular twins].
[X-ray therapy of extensive alopecia areata and falling hair].
ALOPECIA areata.
Therapy of alopecia areata with ammonium chloride.
[Contribution to the etiology of alopecia areata].
[Preliminary note on the treatment of alopecia areata with ACTH and cortisone].
[Modifications in the receptor apparatus of the skin in alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata, acne, and milia; report of a unique case illustrating the importance of hair as a natural drain.
[Attempt at treatment of alopecia areata of the scalp in the adult].
[Alopecia areata and emotion].
[Emotion and alopecia areata].
Therapeutic experiments in alopecia areata with orally administered cortisone.
Thorium X in the treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia-areata-like lesions due to cold-wave thioglycolate preparations.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with ammonium chloride].
Alopecia areata universalis; results in one case of treatment with corticotropin (ACTH) and cortisone acetate intramuscularly and post-treatment observations.
Alopecia areata; prevalence in Japanese and prognosis after reassurance.
Alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata in husband and wife; a psychiatric case study.
CORTISONE and ACTH in alopecia areata and totalis.
[Therapy of alopecia areata].
Effect of ACTH on hair growth in alopecia areata and universalis.
Treatment of alopecia areata totalis and universalis with cortisone acetate.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with psoriasine].
[Possibility of roentgenographic epiliation in simultaneous mycosis of the hair and alopecia areata].
[Pathogenesis of alopecia areata and vitiligo].
Alopecia areata occurring in two brothers and two sisters.
[Contribution to the knowledge of the etiopathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata].
[Contribution on the etiopathogenesis and treatment of alopecia areata. I. Introduction; clinical examination data and determination of basal metabolism].
Treatment of alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata: a clinical study.
[Treatment of alopecia areata with thiouracil].
Tinea capitis in a 17 year old soldier (residual infection?); alopecia areata associated with tinea capitis?
[Alopecia areata].
[Alopecia areata and dental focal infections; one case].
Coexisting tinea capitis and alopecia areata.
[Endocrine therapy of alopecia areata].
Alopecia areata.
[Neurohistologic studies of alopecia areata].
Identical alopecia areata in identical twins.
A modern( \S+){}  survey of alopecia areata and its treatment.
Alopecia areata associated with refractive errors.
Alopecia areata associated with neurodermatitis; report of two cases with a discussion of the relationship of alopecia areata to nervous system dysfunction.
Alopecia areata as a conversion symptom.
Loss of nails, associated with alopecia cicatrisata and alopecia areata.
Alopecia areata treated with thorium-X.
Alopecia areata treated with thorium-X.
Alopecia areata; ten long-standing cases treated with thorium X and ultra-violet light.
Alopecia areata in an infant.
Alopecia areata in twins.
A case for diagnosis (alopecia areata; arsenical dermatitis?).
Anxiety, Alopecia Areata, Neurofibromatosis, Auricular Fibrillation.
Alopecia Areata in an Infant.
Vitiligo with associated Alopecia Areata.
Complete Alopecia Areata in an Infant.
Post-Traumatic Alopecia Areata.
Monilia of the Nails and Alopecia Areata.
Case of Vitiligo, with (formerly) Alopecia Areata and Lupus Erythematosus.
Case of almost complete Alopecia Areata of the Scalp of Five Years' Duration, in which rapid Regrowth of the Hair followed Removal of Tonsils and Adenoids, and subsequent Vaccine Treatment.
Two Cases of Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia Areata of the Scalp and Left Eyelids in a Boy, aged 11.
Three Cases of Alopecia Areata in Children in the same Family.
Case illustrating a Sequel to Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia Areata and Tinea Tonsurans.
Alopecia Areata et Totalis Cured by Pregnancy, and Relapsing with the Re-establishment of the Menses.
Tropho-neurotic Separation of Nails, followed by Alopecia Areata.
Onychia Sicca Syphilitica associated with Total Alopecia (Alopecia Areata Type).
Alopecia Areata in a Syphilitic Subject.
Alopecia Areata.
Alopecia areata following Small-spored Ringworm of the Scalp.
CASE OF COMPLETE BALDNESS FROM ALOPECIA AREATA: (In Progress of Recovery under Treatment.).
FIVE CASES OF MONILIFORM HAIR ASSOCIATED WITH ALOPECIA AREATA.
The Bacteriology of Alopecia Areata.
The Microbial Origin of Baldness: Sabouraud's Researches into the Relations Between Seborrhoea, Alopecia Areata, and Baldness.
Congenital Absence of Hair and Mammary Glands with Atrophic Condition of the Skin and its Appendages, in a Boy whose Mother had been almost wholly Bald from Alopecia Areata from the age of Six.
The Nature and Treatment of Alopecia Areata.